sim_seconds                                  0.086610                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 86610286000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4145072727500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               10078572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 11517371                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1452334287                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    59.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   601037757                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     686840972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2059520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1988096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4091648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        44032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       143616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        143616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             15983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       212815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23779162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     22954502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            47242056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       212815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         508392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1658186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1658186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1658186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       212815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23779162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     22954502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           48900243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     15983                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      561                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  127864                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4488                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4083904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  7744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                143872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4091648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             143616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           16233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           14520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           16177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           17586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           17170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           15640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           14882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           15414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 86609985000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              127864                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4488                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 15863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 15857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 15864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 15869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 15874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 15881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 15887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 15891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                    95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                   88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                   83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                   70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        16852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.876810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.757347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.499807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      1.44%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60      0.36%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           32      0.19%      1.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.04%      2.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      0.20%      2.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.36%      2.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          231      1.37%      3.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16186     96.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        16852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   677.430851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   392.671310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   621.593640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           43     22.87%     22.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      8.51%     31.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           13      6.91%     38.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      6.38%     44.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           12      6.38%     51.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      6.91%     57.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           18      9.57%     67.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           17      9.04%     76.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           10      5.32%     81.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           11      5.85%     87.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            7      3.72%     91.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            6      3.19%     94.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.53%     95.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      1.60%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            4      2.13%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4479            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.914894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.896700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.822928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.06%      1.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            186     98.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3737703856                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            5900896756                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                408390400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29287.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46237.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      47.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   47.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 111528                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3738                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  5235129.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77694605942                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1305847186                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          9800179.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          10475740.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          10424937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          10078387.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          6611232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               7066968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               7032696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3          6798912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         48508262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         52472908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         51054681.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         48753868.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        10006364.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        10208747.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        10600243.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        10338554.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0        5910148512                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      5916358028.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      5919418900.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      5918123787.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      64613578704.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       64608131760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      64605446784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       64606582848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        90639402689.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        90645463588.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        90644727678.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        90641425794.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.915849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.921059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.920427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.917588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2138880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2157824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4351744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        55040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       147200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        147200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             16999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       336958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24695450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     24914177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        26602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            50245118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       336958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        26602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         635490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1699567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1699567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1699567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       336958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24695450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     24914177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        26602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           51944685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     16999                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      575                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  135992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4343200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  8544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                146944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4351744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             147200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  267                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        10679                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           17025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           15632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           17032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           18522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           17000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           17760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           15872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           16882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 86610095000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              135992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4600                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        17905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.775984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.653162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.658026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          253      1.41%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.39%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.22%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.23%      2.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           69      0.39%      2.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          244      1.36%      4.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17181     95.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        17905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   704.317708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   388.384379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   631.814546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           20     10.42%     10.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           35     18.23%     28.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      2.60%     31.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.12%     34.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.12%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.12%     40.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      1.04%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      5.21%     46.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.60%     49.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.12%     52.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.69%     57.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.52%     57.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.60%     60.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.65%     64.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      5.21%     69.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.65%     72.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      3.12%     76.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      4.17%     80.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.56%     81.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.08%     83.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.60%     86.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.52%     86.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.08%     89.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.56%     90.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.56%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.52%     92.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.04%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     94.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.04%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.56%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.04%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.04%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.916667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.908700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.581867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.52%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.04%      1.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.52%      2.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            188     97.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 3959283028                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            6259821778                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                434320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   29171.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              46121.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      50.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   50.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 118592                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3820                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  4928308.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77611246971                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1389281657                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          9979804.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          10851926.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          10661414.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3              10478160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               6732408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               7320744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               7192224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               7068600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         49390348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         54900019.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         52672588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         50885452.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        10324869.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        10168934.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        10480803.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        10551306.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      5911833997.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      5919775018.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      5920942798.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      5922167048.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       64612100208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       64605134400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       64604110032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       64603036128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        90641111071.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        90648900478.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        90646809296.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        90644936131.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.917318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.924014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.922216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.920606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           12                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2264576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2160384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4474624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       147968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        147968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             17479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       295577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     26146733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       260108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     24943735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        17735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            51663887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       295577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       260108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        17735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         573419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1708434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1708434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1708434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       295577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     26146733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       260108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     24943735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        17735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           53372321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     17479                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      578                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  139832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   4624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4468160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  6464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                147968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4474624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             147968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           17824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           17193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           16658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           18088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           17865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           18688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           16809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           16505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 86599836000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              139832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               4624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 17342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 17348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 17352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 17356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 17365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 17372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 17382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 17384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                   117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        18396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.931072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.846436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.362368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          265      1.44%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           62      0.34%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.19%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           36      0.20%      2.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           65      0.35%      2.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          250      1.36%      3.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17677     96.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        18396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   715.494845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   398.070892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   642.068179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     10.82%     10.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     14.43%     25.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.70%     31.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.55%     33.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.03%     34.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      4.12%     38.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.06%     40.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.09%     43.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.61%     47.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.64%     52.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.61%     55.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.09%     58.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.64%     63.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      4.12%     67.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.58%     70.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      1.03%     71.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      3.09%     74.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.58%     76.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      3.61%     80.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.58%     82.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.03%     84.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      2.06%     86.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.52%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.06%     88.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.03%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.55%     91.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            4      2.06%     93.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.03%     94.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.52%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.52%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.52%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.03%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.52%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.52%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.835052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.809598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.994080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.03%      1.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.03%      2.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.03%      3.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            188     96.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 4095704452                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            6462432952                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                446816000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29332.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46282.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      51.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   51.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 122010                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  3848                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  4795914.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77580967584                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1419561044                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          10531382.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1              10683792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2              10898496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          10980748.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               7104504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               7207320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               7352160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               7407648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         53347507.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         53512742.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         54041395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         53426380.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        10185523.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        10302059.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        10470850.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        10988421.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      5913896448.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      5918994547.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      5922373616.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      5927392316.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       64610291040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      64605819024.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       64602854928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       64598452560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        90646105841.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        90647268920.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        90648740881.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        90649397510.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.921611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.922611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.923876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.924441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2226432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2129664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4397056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       161024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        161024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        35469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       209860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25706323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        11823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       198037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     24589042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            50768289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       209860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       198037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         419719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1859179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1859179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1859179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        35469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       209860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25706323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        11823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       198037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     24589042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           52627467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17176                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      629                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  137408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4386528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                 10528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                161024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4397056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             161024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  329                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         2323                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           18737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           18346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           15402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           18273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           15907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           17955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           17114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           15345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 86612280000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              137408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 17020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 17014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 17020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 17027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 17034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 17038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 17043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 17049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.457234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.001871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.606526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          278      1.53%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           64      0.35%      1.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           51      0.28%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           49      0.27%      2.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           65      0.36%      2.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          259      1.43%      4.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17385     95.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   644.582938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   359.363947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   611.495588                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           57     27.01%     27.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      6.64%     33.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           16      7.58%     41.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           16      7.58%     48.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      7.11%     55.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           19      9.00%     64.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           20      9.48%     74.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           12      5.69%     80.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      3.79%     83.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            5      2.37%     86.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            9      4.27%     90.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      1.42%     91.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.95%     92.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      1.42%     94.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.95%     95.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            4      1.90%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      1.42%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      0.95%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.848341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.821547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.012180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.95%      0.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.47%      1.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.47%      1.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.47%      2.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.95%      3.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            203     96.21%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 4009758090                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6333247140                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                438652800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29251.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46201.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      50.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   50.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 119761                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4193                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  4864492.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77594448088                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1406156040                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          11021875.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          10822291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          10891238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3              10916640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0          7435392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1          7300752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               7347264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               7364400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0             55688256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1             53686464                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         53338521.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         52856294.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        10736686.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        10799308.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        10862760.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        11174215.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      5917630158.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      5920191109.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      5924173083.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      5926529217.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      64607015856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       64604769408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       64601276448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      64599209664.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        90650277659.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        90648318768.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        90648638752.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        90648799867.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.925197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.923514                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.923789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.923927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2051584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1982464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4078336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        44288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       154624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        154624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             15931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       283754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23687533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       206904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     22889475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            47088356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       283754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       206904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         511348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1785284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1785284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1785284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       283754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23687533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       206904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     22889475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           48873641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     15931                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      604                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  127448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   4832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4072992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  5344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                154624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4078336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             154624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         7904                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           16624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           16305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           12676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           16809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           15585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           15217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           18224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           15841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 86613275000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              127448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               4832                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 15810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 15806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 15809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 15813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 15815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 15822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 15825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 15831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        16869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.614500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.251882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.221457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          259      1.54%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           49      0.29%      1.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           45      0.27%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           44      0.26%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           50      0.30%      2.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          247      1.46%      4.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16168     95.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        16869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   627.133663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   347.045274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   588.346098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     12.87%     12.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     13.37%     26.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.94%     32.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.49%     33.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.97%     36.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           14      6.93%     43.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           13      6.44%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      1.98%     51.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.96%     55.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           14      6.93%     62.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.47%     66.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      2.97%     69.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.97%     72.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.50%     72.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.48%     75.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.48%     77.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.49%     79.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.49%     80.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.97%     83.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.48%     86.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.98%     88.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.98%     90.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.99%     91.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.49%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      1.98%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.50%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.99%     96.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.99%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.50%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.50%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.50%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.50%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.920792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.903845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.794047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.99%      0.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            200     99.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 3726361432                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            5883774382                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                407299200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29276.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46226.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      47.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   47.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 111224                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  4020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  5238178.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77693186896                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1307341732                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          10123142.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          9789897.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2              10333008                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3              10720080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               6829104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               6604296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               6970680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               7231800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0             50568960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         48070963.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         50647833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         52176883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        10136171.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        9999728.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        10497807.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        10759495.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      5910337843.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      5912109293.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      5918265129.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      5925044773.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      64613412624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       64611858720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      64606458864.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       64600511808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        90642157280.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        90639182334.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        90643922758.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        90647194275.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.918217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.915660                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.919735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.922547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        26112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2144256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2031616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4228608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        51968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       155136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        155136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             16518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       301488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24757521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       277842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23456983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            48823393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       301488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       277842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         600021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1791196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1791196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1791196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       301488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24757521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       277842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23456983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           50614589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     16518                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      606                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  132144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   4848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4220128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  8480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                155392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4228608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             155136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1142                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           16489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           18266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           15016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           16522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           15930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           17696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           16593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           15367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 86634541000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              132144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               4848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 16399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 16389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 16394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 16396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 16401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 16405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 16412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 16417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        17435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.961858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.774896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.468162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          263      1.51%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           53      0.30%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           27      0.15%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           27      0.15%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           53      0.30%      2.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          248      1.42%      3.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16760     96.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        17435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   651.995050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   379.914861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   557.152422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           25     12.38%     12.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     11.39%     23.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.95%     28.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.49%     30.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.96%     34.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           10      4.95%     39.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.46%     43.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      4.95%     48.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.47%     51.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.47%     55.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      1.98%     57.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           13      6.44%     63.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.97%     66.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      4.95%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.96%     75.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.98%     77.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.49%     79.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.50%     79.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.97%     82.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.48%     85.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            7      3.47%     88.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.49%     90.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.49%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.99%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.99%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.99%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.50%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.99%     96.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.50%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.50%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      0.99%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.50%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.50%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.039604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.020195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.976549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.50%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            199     98.51%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 3829812498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6065161548                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                422012800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29040.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              45990.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      48.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   48.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 115259                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4041                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  5059246.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77649091103                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1351437525                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          10403769.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          10129795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2              10520496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3              10505376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               7018416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1          6833592.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               7097160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               7086960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         52288204.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         50146636.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2             51058176                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         50977305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        10235704.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        10255196.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2            10782720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        10789355.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      5914530982.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      5914017106.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      5921094153.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3        5920575408                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       64609734432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       64610185200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      64603977264.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      64604432304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        90644960944.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        90642316962.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        90645279405.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        90645116144.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.920627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.918354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.920901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.920760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2147584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2090752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4280576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        36864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       145408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        145408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             16721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        32513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       212815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24795946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        23646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       203948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     24139766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            49423414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       212815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       203948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         425631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1678877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1678877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1678877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        32513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       212815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24795946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        23646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       203948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     24139766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           51102291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     16721                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      568                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  133768                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   4544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4270720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  9856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                145408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4280576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             145408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3069                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           17186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           17345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           17364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           17264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           16104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           13785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           15250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           19162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 86620195000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              133768                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               4544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 16608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 16602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 16606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 16607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 16608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 16616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 16620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 16621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                    85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        17610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.773878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.602489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.744455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          252      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72      0.41%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.20%      2.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           35      0.20%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           73      0.41%      2.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      1.35%      4.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16901     95.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        17610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean          690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   377.642189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   645.001505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           23     12.11%     12.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     14.21%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      3.16%     29.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.58%     31.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      4.21%     35.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           13      6.84%     42.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.68%     45.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.63%     48.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.68%     52.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      4.21%     56.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      1.58%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.68%     61.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           12      6.32%     67.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.63%     70.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.63%     73.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.58%     74.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.63%     77.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      4.21%     81.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.58%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.53%     83.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.05%     84.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.11%     86.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.58%     88.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.05%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.58%     91.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.53%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.05%     92.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.05%     93.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.05%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.53%     95.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.05%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.53%     96.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.53%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.53%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            2      1.05%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            2      1.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.915789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.901656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.736977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.53%      0.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.53%      1.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.53%      1.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            187     98.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 3884399476                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            6146546476                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                427072000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29105.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46055.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      49.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   49.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 116611                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3783                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  5010133.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77642452589                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1358076039                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          10755158.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          10825315.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          9987062.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          10986796.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               7255464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1          7302792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               6737304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               7411728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         53859686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         54111283.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         48396441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3             54213120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        10656645.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1            10544256                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        10497392.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        10557112.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0        5917110264                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      5919389297.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      5916157369.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3        5924620584                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      64607471904.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       64605472752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      64608307776.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      64600883904.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        90647858557.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        90648395131.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        90640832782.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        90649422680.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.923118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.923579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.917078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.924462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2220288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2093824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4353024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        27904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       141824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        141824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             17004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        82762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       141877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25635385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       156656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     24175235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            50259896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       141877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       156656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         322179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1637496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1637496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1637496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        82762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       141877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25635385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        41381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       156656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     24175235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           51897392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     17004                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      554                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  136032                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   4432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4345408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  7616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                141312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4353024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             141824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3075                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           17193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           17489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           16272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           16218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           16419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           19098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           14000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           19105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 86621349000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              136032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               4432                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 16872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 16868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 16875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 16880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 16884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 16891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 16896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 16901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        17869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.089597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.240356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.780412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      1.35%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59      0.33%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           43      0.24%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           44      0.25%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           57      0.32%      2.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      1.30%      3.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17191     96.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        17869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   724.118919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   394.166344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   687.716161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     11.89%     11.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           24     12.97%     24.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.86%     29.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.32%     34.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.08%     35.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.78%     38.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.78%     42.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.16%     44.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.24%     48.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      4.32%     52.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      1.62%     54.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.78%     57.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           12      6.49%     64.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.78%     68.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.32%     72.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.24%     75.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.78%     79.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.54%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.16%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.62%     83.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.08%     84.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.08%     85.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.54%     86.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.70%     89.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.62%     90.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.54%     91.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.54%     91.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.62%     93.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.54%     94.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.08%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.54%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.54%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.54%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.54%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.54%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.54%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.54%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3520-3583            1      0.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.870270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.812375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.554947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              5      2.70%      2.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            178     96.22%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      1.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 3960156134                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            6261864434                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                434540800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29162.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46112.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      50.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   50.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 118663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  3678                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              82.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  4933440.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77623587143                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1376941485                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0              10393488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          10111046.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          11009779.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          10120118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               7011480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               6820944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2          7427232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               6827064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         52314163.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         50223014.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2             54290496                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         49738790.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        10172252.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        10049909.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        10829168.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        9973186.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      5914457876.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      5911942178.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      5924494399.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      5916511408.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       64609798560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       64612005312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       64600994592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      64607997216.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        90644897255.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        90641901840.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        90649795103.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        90641917219.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.920572                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.917997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.924783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.918011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2242560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2156800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4446208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        46592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       153600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        153600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             17368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       254196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25892537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     24902354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            51335796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       254196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         537950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1773461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1773461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1773461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       254196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25892537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       271931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     24902354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           53109258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     17368                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      600                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  138944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   4800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4435872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                 10336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                153344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4446208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             153600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  323                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         7243                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           16578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           17121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           17130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           17360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           15554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           19265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           16865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           18748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 86639950000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              138944                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               4800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 17209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 17205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 17212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 17216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 17220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 17228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 17235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 17239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        18310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.639869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.349758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.124864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          267      1.46%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           79      0.43%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           37      0.20%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      2.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.21%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           75      0.41%      2.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          252      1.38%      4.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17556     95.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        18310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   683.311881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   386.551612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   577.727954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     10.40%     10.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           36     17.82%     28.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.47%     31.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.49%     33.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.99%     34.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.47%     37.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      1.98%     39.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      1.98%     41.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           11      5.45%     47.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.47%     50.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      1.49%     51.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      5.45%     57.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           12      5.94%     63.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.48%     65.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           11      5.45%     71.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.47%     74.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.47%     78.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.98%     80.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.99%     81.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.47%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.98%     86.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      2.97%     89.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.49%     91.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.50%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.99%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.99%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            4      1.98%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.99%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.99%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      0.99%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.50%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.722772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.678703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.305319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.99%      0.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              3      1.49%      2.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.99%      3.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.99%      4.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      1.49%      5.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            190     94.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 4044999130                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            6394625080                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                443587200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29180.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46130.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      51.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   51.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 121119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  3984                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  4821902.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77587824161                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1412704467                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          10256198.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          10848902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2              10683792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3              11185776                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               6918864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               7318704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               7207320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               7545960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         51479001.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         53953036.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2             52700544                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         55254950.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        10112532.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1            10782720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        10427719.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        10852807.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      5912805332.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      5920072914.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      5920956478.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      5925370466.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       64611248160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       64604873088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       64604098032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       64600226112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        90643569524.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        90648598800.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        90646823321.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        90651185508.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.919431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.923754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.922228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.925978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2180352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2028288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4245248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             16583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       177346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25174285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       227594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23418558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            49015518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       177346                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       227594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         419719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1749815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1749815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1749815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       177346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25174285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       227594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23418558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           50765333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     16583                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      592                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  132664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   4736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4238816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  6432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                151808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4245248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             151552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1290                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           14265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           20089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           15137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           16505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           15592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           18977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           14993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           16905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 86620534000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              132664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               4736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 16436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 16442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 16447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 16451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 16456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 16462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 16468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 16474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        17511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.735195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.448691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.943617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          264      1.51%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           58      0.33%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      2.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           37      0.21%      2.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.34%      2.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          252      1.44%      4.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16799     95.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        17511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   664.597990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   381.418713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   639.785064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           47     23.62%     23.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           19      9.55%     33.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           10      5.03%     38.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           16      8.04%     46.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           20     10.05%     56.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           20     10.05%     66.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           16      8.04%     74.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           13      6.53%     80.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      3.02%     83.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      3.02%     86.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            7      3.52%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      2.01%     92.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      1.01%     93.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      1.01%     94.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.50%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      1.01%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.01%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.50%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      1.51%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4223            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.839196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.808875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.070387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.51%      1.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.50%      2.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.50%      2.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     97.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3882884362                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6128132212                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                423881600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29312.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46262.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      48.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   49.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 115746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  3950                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  5043408.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77644100810                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1356427818                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          10394697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          10242892.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          10719475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          10213257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               7012296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               6909888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2          7231392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               6889896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         52251763.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         50719718.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         53010547.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         49789708.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        10235289.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        10239022.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        10620149.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        10288788.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      5913922878.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1        5913483696                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      5921006382.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      5919400022.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      64610267856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      64610653104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      64604054256.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      64605463344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        90644834216.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        90642997756.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        90647391638.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        90642794452.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.920518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.918939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.922717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.918765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2074368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2023936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4147968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       154624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        154624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             16203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       209860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23950596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       336958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23368310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            47892325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       209860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       336958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         570463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1785284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1785284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1785284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       209860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23950596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       336958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23368310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           49677610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     16203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      604                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  129624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4141568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                154624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4147968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             154624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1222                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           14497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           17032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           14793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           17250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           18424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           16472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           15731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           15225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 86610233000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              129624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4832                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 16084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 16078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 16084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 16088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 16091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 16098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 16102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 16112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        17153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.463009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.008280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.585415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          263      1.53%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61      0.36%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           46      0.27%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           44      0.26%      2.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           62      0.36%      2.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          251      1.46%      4.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16420     95.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        17153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   640.831683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   375.149672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   530.103812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           25     12.38%     12.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22     10.89%     23.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.45%     28.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.98%     30.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      4.46%     35.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      3.96%     39.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.47%     42.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      2.97%     45.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      2.97%     48.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           12      5.94%     54.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.47%     57.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           13      6.44%     64.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.47%     67.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.48%     70.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      4.95%     75.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.97%     78.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.47%     81.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.49%     83.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.49%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.97%     87.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.99%     88.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.48%     91.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.98%     93.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.50%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.50%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.50%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.50%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.49%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.50%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.50%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.99%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.50%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.920792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.908676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.686518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.50%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.99%      1.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            199     98.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3771103240                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            5964840040                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                414156800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29137.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46087.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      47.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   47.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 113079                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4024                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  5153223.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77667171150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1333068427                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          9910252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1              10082016                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          10873699.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          10454572.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               6685488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               6801360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          7335432.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               7052688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         49372377.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         49956441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         54075340.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3             49827648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        10069401.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        10125803.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        10590289.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        11114910.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      5910351851.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      5913412614.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      5920827448.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      5922144558.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      64613400336.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      64610715456.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      64604211216.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      64603055856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        90640539143.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        90641843127.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        90648662861.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        90644399669.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.916826                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.917947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.923809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.920145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2180096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2185984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4400896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       144896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        144896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             17191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          566                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              566                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       171435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25171329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       215771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     25239312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            50812625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       171435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       215771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         399029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1672965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1672965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1672965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       171435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25171329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       215771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     25239312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           52485590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     17191                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      566                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  137528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   4528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4392480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  8416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                144736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4400896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             144896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  263                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         2774                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           17049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           16080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           16737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           17384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           15370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           18880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           16313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           19452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 86643654000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              137528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               4528                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 17044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 17046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 17051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 17058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 17068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 17074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 17077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 17079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        18087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.855089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.793431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.461251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          253      1.40%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           68      0.38%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.23%      2.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.24%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           68      0.38%      2.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      1.32%      3.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17371     96.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        18087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   719.793651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   400.281768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   671.741089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           18      9.52%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     14.81%     24.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.82%     30.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.70%     33.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.65%     36.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.70%     40.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      1.59%     41.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           15      7.94%     49.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.12%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.59%     53.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.76%     58.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.65%     60.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            3      1.59%     62.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.59%     64.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.23%     68.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.12%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      4.23%     74.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      3.17%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.65%     80.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.70%     84.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.53%     84.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.59%     86.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.59%     87.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.12%     89.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.59%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.53%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            4      2.12%     94.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.59%     95.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.53%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            3      1.59%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.53%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.53%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3776-3839            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.931217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.917088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.736964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.53%      0.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.53%      1.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.53%      1.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            184     97.35%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 4014052044                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            6340693794                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                439248000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29243.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46193.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      50.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   50.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 119934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  3767                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  4879408.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77603097284                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1397431344                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          10152172.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          10536220.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          10584604.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          10793865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               6848688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               7107768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               7140408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               7281576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         50891443.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         52702540.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         52110489.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         53112883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        10095943.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        10298327.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        10454676.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        10402421.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      5911237002.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      5916063196.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      5920962278.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      5924522525.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       64612623888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      64608390384.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      64604092944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       64600969920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        90642598573.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        90645847872.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        90646094836.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        90647832627.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.918596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.921390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.921602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.923096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2191104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2074368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4307968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        21248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        39936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       150016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        150016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             16828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         8867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       245329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25298427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        17735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       192125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23950596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            49739681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       245329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       192125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         461100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1732081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1732081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1732081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         8867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       245329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25298427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        17735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       192125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23950596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           51471762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     16828                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      586                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  134624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   4688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4301376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  6592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                150272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4307968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             150016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           23                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           17457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           15066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           17417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           17952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           15104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           16826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           16552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           18044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 86612786000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              134624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               4688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 16707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 16702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 16712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 16714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 16721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 16726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 16729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 16735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        17760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.655856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.461676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.938800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          255      1.44%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           63      0.35%      1.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           48      0.27%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14      0.08%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           46      0.26%      2.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           63      0.35%      2.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          243      1.37%      4.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17028     95.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        17760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   682.663265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   381.982883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   614.358501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           25     12.76%     12.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22     11.22%     23.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.10%     29.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.08%     33.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.55%     35.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.02%     36.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      5.10%     41.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      4.08%     45.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           11      5.61%     51.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.57%     55.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.61%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      1.02%     61.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.04%     63.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.57%     67.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      4.59%     71.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      4.59%     76.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.04%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.04%     80.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.55%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.51%     83.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.02%     84.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.02%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.04%     87.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.55%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.04%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.02%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.02%     94.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.51%     94.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.51%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.02%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.51%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.959184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.941000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.904897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.02%      1.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            192     97.96%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 3950835884                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            6229220984                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                430137600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29392.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46342.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      49.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   49.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 117450                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3904                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  4973744.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77623678259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1376925869                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          10005811.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1              10768464                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          10229587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3              10940832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          6749952.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               7264440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          6900912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               7380720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         49986892.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1             54190656                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         49762252.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3             53803776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        10029588.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        10354728.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        10511078.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        10673233.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      5910810459.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      5918728170.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      5917849859.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3        5925808008                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       64612998048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       64606052688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      64606823136.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      64599842304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        90641330187.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        90648108582.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        90642826261.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        90649198309.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.917506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.923333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.918792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.924270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        31744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2137600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2028544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4225792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        31744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        59392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       150784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        150784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             16507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       366515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24680671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       298533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23421514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            48790879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       366515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       298533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         685738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1740948                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1740948                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1740948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       366515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24680671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       298533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23421514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           50531827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     16507                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      589                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  132056                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   4712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4218880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  6912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                150272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4225792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             150784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           16562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           17592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           16760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           15707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           16432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           15337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           16033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           17417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 86610194000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              132056                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               4712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 16385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 16383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 16388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 16393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 16398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 16402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 16410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 16413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        17422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.783607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.613031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.714117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          252      1.45%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           63      0.36%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.24%      2.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.25%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.34%      2.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          244      1.40%      4.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16719     95.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        17422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   670.326531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   379.273834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   585.814135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     10.71%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     14.80%     25.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      6.12%     31.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.57%     35.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.53%     36.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.53%     38.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.57%     41.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.04%     43.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.57%     47.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      4.08%     51.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.59%     56.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.08%     60.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.57%     63.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            9      4.59%     68.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.08%     72.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.06%     75.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           10      5.10%     80.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.04%     82.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.04%     84.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.53%     86.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.53%     87.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.02%     88.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.53%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.04%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.02%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.02%     94.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.02%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.02%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.51%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      1.02%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.959184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.950403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.571429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            195     99.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 3851323268                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            6086011268                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                421888000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29212.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46162.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      48.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   48.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 115196                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  3918                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  5066108.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77655550107                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1344964771                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          10646294.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1              10447920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          9932025.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          10779350.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               7182024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               7048200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               6700176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               7271784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         53229196.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         51768537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2             48824256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         52632652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        10740003.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        10384588.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        9956597.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        10749542.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      5916162349.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      5916742764.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      5914058803.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      5924739381.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       64608303408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       64607794272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      64610148624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      64600779696.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0         90647012712                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        90644935718.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        90640369918.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        90647701842.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.922391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.920605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.916681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.922983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2107136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2028544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4167936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       138752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        138752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             16281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        20690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       109363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     24328935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        23646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       195081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23421514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            48122875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       109363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       195081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         328090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1602027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1602027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1602027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        20690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       109363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     24328935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        23646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       195081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23421514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        23646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           49724902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     16281                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      542                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  130248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   4336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4161152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  6784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                138496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4167936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             138752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           16296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           16434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           16912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           15266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           17729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           15393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           15969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           16037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 86607676000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              130248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               4336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.927809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.825215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.392197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          250      1.46%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           51      0.30%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      1.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           38      0.22%      2.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           52      0.30%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          236      1.38%      3.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16466     96.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   713.569061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   361.763450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   673.718893                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           31     17.13%     17.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           21     11.60%     28.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      3.31%     32.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.87%     35.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.21%     38.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.31%     41.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.21%     43.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.66%     45.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.42%     49.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.21%     51.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.76%     54.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.97%     59.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.31%     62.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.87%     66.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.66%     68.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.87%     72.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.76%     75.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.21%     77.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.55%     77.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.66%     79.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      3.31%     82.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.66%     84.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.66%     86.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.21%     88.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.66%     90.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.55%     90.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.55%     91.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.55%     91.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.55%     92.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.10%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.55%     93.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.66%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.55%     96.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            3      1.66%     97.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.55%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.55%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.55%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3648-3711            1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.911602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.892714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.838602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.10%      1.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            179     98.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3826123354                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            6030233554                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                416115200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29423.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46373.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      48.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   48.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 113625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  3604                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  5148170.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77680945354                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1319569524                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0              10230192                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          10458201.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          10238054.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          10271318.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               6901320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               7055136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               6906624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               6929064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         51066662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         51975705.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         50555980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         50093721.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0            10285056                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        10225336.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        10069816.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        10354728.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      5911706171.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      5917524549.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      5916461613.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      5917028019.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      64612212336.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      64607108496.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      64608040896.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       64607544048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        90643151173.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        90645096860.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        90643022420.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        90642970336.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.919071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.920744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.918961                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.918916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2197504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2097152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4355072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        60160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       150016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        150016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             17012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       372427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     25372321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       307400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     24213660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            50283543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       372427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       307400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         694606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1732081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1732081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1732081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       372427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     25372321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       307400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     24213660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           52015623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     17012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      586                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  136096                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   4688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4348128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  6944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                149792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4355072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             150016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  217                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        12647                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           16291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           17121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           17873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           16218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           16418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           17377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           15859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           18722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 86604856000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              136096                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               4688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 16888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 16880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 16887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 16893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 16898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 16906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 16910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 16915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                   85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        17955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.510721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.083066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.507546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          271      1.51%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           74      0.41%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.23%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.24%      2.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           75      0.42%      2.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          247      1.38%      4.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17202     95.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        17955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   692.097436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   382.992733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   655.512285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           23     11.79%     11.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     15.38%     27.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      4.10%     31.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.51%     31.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.05%     33.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.59%     37.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      5.64%     43.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.08%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      6.15%     52.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      4.10%     56.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.08%     59.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.56%     62.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           10      5.13%     67.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.05%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.08%     72.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      4.10%     76.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      1.03%     77.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.05%     79.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.51%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.59%     83.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.54%     85.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.51%     85.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.54%     87.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.54%     88.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            5      2.56%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.54%     92.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.51%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.03%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.03%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.51%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.51%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.51%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.51%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3136-3199            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4031            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.005128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.005025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.071611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     99.49%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 3981198777                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            6284347827                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                434812800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29299.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46249.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      50.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   50.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 118716                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  4921289.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77613307269                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    7610277600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1387221359                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          10248940.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          10080806.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          10673510.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          10712822.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               6913968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               6800544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               7200384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               7226904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0             51143040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         50045299.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         52526822.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         52427481.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        10318648.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        9896878.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        10703508.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        10600243.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      20040749435.520000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      5912612498.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      5914284632.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      5920097538.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      5923563940.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       64611417312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       64609950528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       64604851488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      64601810784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        90643403843.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        90641808123.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        90646802687.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        90647091611.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.919289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.917917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.922210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.922459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              267005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             267005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 21                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                21                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              9340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            62682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          25212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           53407                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       686255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       686389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 686389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     70943745                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     70944013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                70944013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    133502500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4404854000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        21000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    154110000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     31366449                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     12633944                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     26703500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       435000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     13629000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          762                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         9464                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           59                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           51                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          636                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      2207500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     75926000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        46497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       253500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      4808000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       205000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           896                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        10122                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             2539497                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           80939000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            34531                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            365062                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  365062    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              365062                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               43500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  67                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           314706500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              330532                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4445197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             321259                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             266958                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            266958                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             9340                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           46627                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          6780                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          53407                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              826                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             826                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        11872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        14997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        14126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        12405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        10215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        10350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       162886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        12073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        15045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        13833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        12310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        10228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       163044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        10044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        12087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        15133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        14148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        12504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        10124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        10070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       162893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        12242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        14729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        13824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        12603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        10193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        10137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        10064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       162901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                651724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1140736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1056512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1109504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1032704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1131520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1143808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1177856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1068288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1067264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1144832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1150208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1108224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1099008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1083136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1087232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1136896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     17737728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1127680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1068800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1051392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1071104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1148160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1098240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1140736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1114112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1091072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1116928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1095936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1116672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1140480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1118720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1125376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     17762560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1153792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1041920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1061120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1047808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1128448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1160448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1148928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1097216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1085952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1154048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1137664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1102592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1115392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1078272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1092352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1115392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     17721345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1135872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1068032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1080576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1081344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1096960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1096448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1155072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1096960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1062400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1163776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1140992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1119232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1126912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1081856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1098496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1117184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     17722112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               70943745                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    373692400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2631400793                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     87796000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     65275800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      9491600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     74719993                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1154400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      8129643                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          122                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        70800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        13000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         3000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          133                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              87200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           33204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              20128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           27664000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              16556                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           30069000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              18029                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           39042600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              24439                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           47029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              30245                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           44152200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              28253                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           29901400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              18057                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           28650800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              17100                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           27883800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              16823                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           40088600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              25211                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          33268600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             20531                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          33044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             20358                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          29099800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             17437                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          30415600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             18266                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          30581000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             18465                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          33315800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             20633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         678189056                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded             80253                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         680568177                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded             80411                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         677714107                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded             80260                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         677780589                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded             80268                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       266958                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       266958                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         9340                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        46627                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6780                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        53407                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          826                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          826                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       162886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       163044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       162893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       162901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       651724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     17737728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     17762560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     17721345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     17722112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     70943745                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    213566400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1067832000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     37360000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     37301600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      5424000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     42725600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       660800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3304000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3005                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          152                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      9805100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       286300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        25000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  3165                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     10116400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     73722400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        82633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     73216800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        82633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     73700100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        82633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     73674400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        82633                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1113862400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       321192                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2306869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2306869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           139352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           63760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         25729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          89489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            22594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           22594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       910071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1513935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       891038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1461406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4787296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       624896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    106382984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3026488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       652544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    103753336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      2921512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        60416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32781                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              217455169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1154697968                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23727575743                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        21000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   4529033811                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     32073612                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     12925877                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     27503495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     11420253                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     83396497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        63393                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         2195                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         3556                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1214                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1193                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          189                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          824                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           47                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    995007488                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     25332498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       399000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     44362500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     17578000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     28193000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1015000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        26000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     11118499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       212999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        70246                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        2431                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         1096684487                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          26560497                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190006                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2558259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2558259    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2558259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5740173521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2558327                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          79436791                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2441                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13786450701                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            15.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            467555                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         757752120                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            757313                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          82979725                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              2549                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       13417957741                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            15.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            457652                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         731449655                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            731028                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              236                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          4107000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              148                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8660    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8660    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8660    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8660    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             8660    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            8660    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    267900                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8184.836438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1622041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    267900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.054651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      332.396174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.990773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.018397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    32.939530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  3842.936995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.554243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.012368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    28.769340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  3747.345333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.198640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data     0.152037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     4.182521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    15.221482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   176.118604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.040576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.004021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.469109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.003512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.457440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.021499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001587                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  19219615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 19219615                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       756547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       209537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       730323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       205177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1903703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           139352                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                139352                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          718                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1428                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          292                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                517                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          712                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          669                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       756547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        210249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       730323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        205846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            65                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1905093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       756547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       210249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       730323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       205846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1905093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       134688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       129586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                267630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        22675                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        23596                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              46277                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             6780                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       135342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       130103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 268806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           75                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       135342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           55                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       130103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                268806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      9510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    194164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17492441224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      7168500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    199280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  16828767750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34745740974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4249000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5245000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9624500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     31268496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     30510498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     61843994                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     68504493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     58805500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     127876993                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      9510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    194164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17560945717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      7168500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    199280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  16887573250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34873617967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      9510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    194164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17560945717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      7168500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    199280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  16887573250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34873617967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       756622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       344225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       730378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       334763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2171333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       139352                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            139352                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        23393                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        24305                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            47705                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3531                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3765                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           7297                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1366                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2566                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       756622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       345591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       730378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       335949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2173899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       756622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       345591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       730378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       335949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2173899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.623925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.391279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.624166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.387098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.427966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.123256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.969307                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.970829                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.970066                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.936279                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.922444                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.929149                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.478770                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.435919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.357143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.458301                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.623925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.391625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.624166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.387270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.427966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.123652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.623925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.391625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.624166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.387270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.427966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.123652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       126800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127487.852922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129873.791459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130336.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125254.556882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129865.631704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128207.920792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       133650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129827.526712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   187.386990                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   222.283438                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        21750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   207.975884                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9458.105263                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8785.055572                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9121.533038                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 104746.931193                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113743.713733                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108738.939626                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       126800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127487.852922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129752.373373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130336.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125254.556882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129801.566836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128207.920792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       126900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129735.266203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       126800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127487.852922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129752.373373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130336.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 125254.556882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129801.566836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128207.920792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       126900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129735.266203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           92                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           75                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       134596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       129511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           266958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        22675                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        23596                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         46277                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6780                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          517                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       135250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       130028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            268134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           61                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       135250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       130028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           268134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7104500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    157735500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  16001796724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    156090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15395512750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31736468974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1235408768                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1285383904                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2521118672                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    180209971                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    189105467                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369369438                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     61310493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     53118500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       512000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114940993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    157735500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  16063107217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    156090000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15448631250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31851409967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7104500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    157735500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  16063107217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    156090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15448631250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31851409967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       443500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       969500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       200000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       430500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       686000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       623500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1400000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.540762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.391012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.516673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.386874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.427966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.151515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.122947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.969307                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.970829                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970066                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.936279                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.922444                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929149                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.478770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.435919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.540762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.391359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.516673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.387047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.427966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.123342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.540762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.391359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.516673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.387047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.427966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.123342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116467.213115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119496.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118887.609766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123219.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118519.362187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118874.170920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117207.920792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       122650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118881.880198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54483.297376                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54474.652653                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54478.870108                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54509.973079                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54450.177656                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54479.268142                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 93746.931193                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 102743.713733                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       102400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97738.939626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116467.213115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119496.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118766.042270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123219.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118519.362187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118810.035146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117207.920792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118789.150078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116467.213115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119496.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118766.042270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123219.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118519.362187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118810.035146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117207.920792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118789.150078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        896                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        66908                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        66908    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         66908                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2380                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2380    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2380                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     197764434.180139                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    189391248.083701                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    56287975.266226                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            3      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           30      0.35%      0.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          135      1.56%      1.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         1120     12.93%     14.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1175     13.57%     28.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1585     18.30%     46.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         2965     34.24%     80.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          859      9.92%     90.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          446      5.15%     96.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          274      3.16%     99.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           16      0.18%     99.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           18      0.21%     99.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           21      0.24%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            3      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            5      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        197764593.457179      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17128448                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7029653.579677                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17419060.359659                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         6891     79.57%     79.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1441     16.64%     96.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          187      2.16%     98.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           68      0.79%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           33      0.38%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           25      0.29%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            8      0.09%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            3      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       7034730.262870      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 609280                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           66908                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99861.771388                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98578.768250                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      19431.732532                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           85      0.13%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           33      0.05%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60050     89.75%     89.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1370      2.05%     91.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1258      1.88%     93.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1165      1.74%     95.60% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1164      1.74%     97.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1090      1.63%     98.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           37      0.06%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            9      0.01%     99.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          624      0.93%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           12      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            7      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             66908                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               66908                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           1294476.699348                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          1022707.477041                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             66908    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            165000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          11596000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 66908                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2380                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         36384636.134454                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        48149345.849177                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2380    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          165000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       450201000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2380                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 69288                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             1250012.224339                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            993476.522797                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               69288    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              160000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            11596000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   69288                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.079677                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.270808                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             7970     92.03%     92.03% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              690      7.97%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            8660    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             7.725173                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean            7.399068                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.195753                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                     6      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                   152      1.76%      1.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                  1108     12.79%     14.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                  2763     31.91%     46.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                  2998     34.62%     81.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                1286     14.85%     95.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                 279      3.22%     99.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                  34      0.39%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                  21      0.24%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   3      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   7      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.274596                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.680432                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   6891     79.57%     79.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1441     16.64%     96.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    187      2.16%     98.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     68      0.79%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     33      0.38%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     25      0.29%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      8      0.09%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      3      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67163                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67163    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         67163                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2222                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2222    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2222                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     198509376.443418                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    56351928.740786                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            6      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           24      0.28%      0.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          133      1.54%      1.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         1088     12.56%     14.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1183     13.66%     28.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1550     17.90%     46.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         2963     34.21%     80.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          911     10.52%     90.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          473      5.46%     96.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          257      2.97%     99.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           25      0.29%     99.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           14      0.16%     99.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           18      0.21%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            4      0.05%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            4      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            3      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        198518314.556772      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17193728                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6565542.725173                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16343903.529412                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         6987     80.68%     80.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1348     15.57%     96.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          202      2.33%     98.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           64      0.74%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           33      0.38%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           17      0.20%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            6      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       6567718.758024      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 568832                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           67163                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99834.761699                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98549.386153                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19471.338531                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           87      0.13%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           42      0.06%      0.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60300     89.78%     89.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1431      2.13%     92.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1243      1.85%     93.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1081      1.61%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1128      1.68%     97.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1161      1.73%     98.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           41      0.06%     99.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           11      0.02%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          600      0.89%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           16      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           13      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            3      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            5      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             67163                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               67163                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           1289557.747569                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          1020905.543352                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             67163    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            158000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          12947000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 67163                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2222                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         38933325.832583                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        52167183.836057                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2222    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          155000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       476907000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2222                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 69385                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             1248260.675939                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            993398.281063                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               69385    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              148000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            12947000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   69385                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.077598                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.267554                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             7988     92.24%     92.24% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              672      7.76%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            8660    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             7.754273                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.199830                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                     6      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                   155      1.79%      1.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                  1090     12.59%     14.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                  2730     31.52%     45.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                  2972     34.32%     80.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                1385     15.99%     96.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                 250      2.89%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                  35      0.40%     99.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                  21      0.24%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   5      0.06%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   4      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   7      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.256467                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.638434                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   6987     80.68%     80.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1348     15.57%     96.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    202      2.33%     98.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     64      0.74%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     33      0.38%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     17      0.20%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      6      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        66851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        66851    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         66851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2374                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.892586                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.402734                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.233592                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2373     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2374                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     197595935.334873                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    56582544.580343                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           27      0.31%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          140      1.62%      1.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         1113     12.85%     14.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1242     14.34%     29.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1552     17.92%     47.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         2874     33.19%     80.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          920     10.62%     90.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          471      5.44%     96.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          249      2.88%     99.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           19      0.22%     99.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           15      0.17%     99.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           19      0.22%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            4      0.05%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            6      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        197596114.623152      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17113856                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7011916.859122                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17106217.394260                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         6908     79.77%     79.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1383     15.97%     95.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          236      2.73%     98.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           63      0.73%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           43      0.50%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           15      0.17%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            7      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       7014051.425716      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 607489                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           66851                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       99909.072415                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98630.453976                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      19379.357402                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           78      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           29      0.04%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        59927     89.64%     89.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1380      2.06%     91.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1243      1.86%     93.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1201      1.80%     95.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1209      1.81%     97.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1126      1.68%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           40      0.06%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            6      0.01%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          582      0.87%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.01%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           19      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             66851                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               66851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           1295583.102721                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          1024472.132760                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             66851    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            155000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          11442000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 66851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2374                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         36482850.042123                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        48670158.067674                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2374    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          186000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       341429000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2374                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 69225                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             1251141.726255                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            996274.848739                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               69225    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              155000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            11442000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   69225                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.074365                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.262379                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             8016     92.56%     92.56% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              644      7.44%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            8660    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             7.718591                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.214692                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                   165      1.91%      1.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                  1118     12.91%     14.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                  2766     31.94%     46.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                  2898     33.46%     80.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                1386     16.00%     96.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                 257      2.97%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                  30      0.35%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                  19      0.22%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   8      0.09%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   6      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.273903                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.668212                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   6908     79.77%     79.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1383     15.97%     95.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    236      2.73%     98.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     63      0.73%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     43      0.50%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     15      0.17%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      7      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        66862                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        66862    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         66862                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2365                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2365    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2365                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     197628452.655889                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    189312762.154998                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    56253321.775643                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           33      0.38%      0.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          124      1.43%      1.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         1151     13.29%     15.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1176     13.58%     28.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1515     17.49%     46.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         3039     35.09%     81.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          857      9.90%     91.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          442      5.10%     96.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          250      2.89%     99.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           19      0.22%     99.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           18      0.21%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           17      0.20%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            6      0.07%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            2      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            4      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        197628628.082350      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17116672                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6988267.898383                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16929153.163055                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         6916     79.86%     79.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1374     15.87%     95.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          231      2.67%     98.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           67      0.77%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           45      0.52%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           17      0.20%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            8      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       6990393.727600      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 605440                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           66862                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       99946.453890                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98649.198250                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      19479.970494                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           91      0.14%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            1      0.00%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           36      0.05%      0.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        59870     89.54%     89.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1392      2.08%     91.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1296      1.94%     93.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1127      1.69%     95.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1213      1.81%     97.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1179      1.76%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           33      0.05%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           10      0.01%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          586      0.88%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           12      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           12      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             66862                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               66862                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           1295369.911160                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          1023259.687586                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             66862    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            150000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value           9740000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 66862                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2365                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         36503952.642706                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        48269668.174254                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2365    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          183000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       327319000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2365                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 69227                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             1251116.226328                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            993492.472788                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               69227    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              150000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value             9740000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   69227                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.081986                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.274359                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             7950     91.80%     91.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              710      8.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            8660    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             7.719861                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean            7.392673                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.202802                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                     1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                   162      1.87%      1.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                  1170     13.51%     15.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                  2670     30.83%     46.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                  3032     35.01%     81.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                1298     14.99%     96.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                 252      2.91%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                  39      0.45%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                  19      0.22%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   8      0.09%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   4      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.272979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.661295                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   6916     79.86%     79.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1374     15.87%     95.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    231      2.67%     98.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     67      0.77%     99.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     45      0.52%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     17      0.20%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      8      0.09%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       267828                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       267828    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         267828                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         9341                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.972701                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.848074                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.638417                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         9340     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          9341                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      791498198.614319                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     764431407.753662                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     205165282.416698                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           14      0.16%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          153      1.77%      1.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          613      7.08%      9.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         1685     19.46%     28.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08         2200     25.40%     53.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08         2065     23.85%     77.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09         1260     14.55%     92.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09          501      5.79%     98.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09          105      1.21%     99.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09           12      0.14%     99.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09           18      0.21%     99.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09           17      0.20%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            5      0.06%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            4      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             8660                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         791507650.719454      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   68552704                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     27595381.062356                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    51038905.761064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         7978     92.12%     92.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          446      5.15%     97.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           44      0.51%     97.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           76      0.88%     98.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           61      0.70%     99.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           32      0.37%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           17      0.20%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            3      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            8660                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        27606894.174209      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2391041                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           267784                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108863.765199                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107621.676735                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19713.963738                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535          341      0.13%      0.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          145      0.05%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       247708     92.50%     92.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         9495      3.55%     96.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         7313      2.73%     98.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          281      0.10%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         2437      0.91%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           48      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           15      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             267784                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               267828                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            323381.298819                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           471808.808907                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  2131      0.80%      0.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              2869      1.07%      1.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             1773      0.66%      2.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             3434      1.28%      3.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             2101      0.78%      4.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             2677      1.00%      5.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             1830      0.68%      6.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             2590      0.97%      7.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             1832      0.68%      7.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             1973      0.74%      8.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             1867      0.70%      9.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             1864      0.70%     10.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             2762      1.03%     11.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             1963      0.73%     11.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             2545      0.95%     12.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             1980      0.74%     13.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             2546      0.95%     14.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             1936      0.72%     15.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             2388      0.89%     16.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            1930      0.72%     16.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             222837     83.20%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            8797000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 267828                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               9341                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          9272057.167327                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         12494323.157216                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             51      0.55%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              9      0.10%      0.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             12      0.13%      0.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              3      0.03%      0.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              8      0.09%      0.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              6      0.06%      0.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             11      0.12%      1.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              6      0.06%      1.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             10      0.11%      1.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              7      0.07%      1.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              8      0.09%      1.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             13      0.14%      1.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              7      0.07%      1.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              8      0.09%      1.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              7      0.07%      1.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              7      0.07%      1.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             5      0.05%      1.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             9163     98.09%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        124260000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 9341                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 277169                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              312481.864855                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             465375.708339                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    2201      0.79%      0.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                2943      1.06%      1.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               1846      0.67%      2.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               3860      1.39%      3.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               2271      0.82%      4.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               2814      1.02%      5.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               1988      0.72%      6.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               2909      1.05%      7.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               2216      0.80%      8.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               2117      0.76%      9.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               2070      0.75%      9.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               2133      0.77%     10.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               2891      1.04%     11.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               2186      0.79%     12.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               5299      1.91%     14.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               2116      0.76%     15.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               2645      0.95%     16.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               2132      0.77%     16.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               2479      0.89%     17.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              2109      0.76%     18.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               225944     81.52%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              8683500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   277169                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.341801                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.541421                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              5995     69.23%     69.23% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2370     27.37%     96.59% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               295      3.41%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          8660                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             8660    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8660                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             30.922979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            29.865012                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             8.020456                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                      4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   161      1.86%      1.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 1314     15.17%     17.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                 3174     36.65%     53.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                 2931     33.85%     87.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                  920     10.62%     98.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                  101      1.17%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                   24      0.28%     99.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   19      0.22%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    3      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    3      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    6      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.077945                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.993707                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                  6764     78.11%     78.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1534     17.71%     95.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   126      1.45%     97.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    44      0.51%     97.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    52      0.60%     98.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  47      0.54%     98.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  38      0.44%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  32      0.37%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  13      0.15%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   5      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                8660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    10036977                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    378700                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3094146                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       85                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    21                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                10415677                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3094231                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         13131123                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         378785                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     13509908                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    37845516                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                37845528                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         37845516                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     37845528                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       173220572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33299509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33876188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29578196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     275751                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3146729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29578196                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           47245609                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22737280                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           131602724                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           16820705                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13154656                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10037455                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3117201                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.006000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              173220571.994000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4135703                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 20745519     61.19%     61.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     573      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10037455     29.61%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3117201      9.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  33900755                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           22509082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9221.254404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         75693473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        75693473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     37843075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       37843075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     37843075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        37843075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     37843075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       37843075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    214698791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214698791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    214698791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    214698791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    214698791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    214698791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     37845516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37845516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     37845516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     37845516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     37845516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     37845516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 87955.260549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87955.260549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 87955.260549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87955.260549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 87955.260549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87955.260549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    209608209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    209608209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    209608209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209608209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    209608209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209608209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 85869.811143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85869.811143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 85869.811143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85869.811143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 85869.811143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85869.811143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               150                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           368501                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.066788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4841347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           368501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.137948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   253.066788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.988542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         26685638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        26685638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      9569943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9569943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2988978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2988978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          204                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        54813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        54813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        49543                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        49543                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     12558921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12558921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     12559125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12559125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       402100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       402100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        42821                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        42821                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           63                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         9830                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9830                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        12766                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12766                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       444921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        444921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       444984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       444984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  21443197649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21443197649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1732442500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1732442500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     72610998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     72610998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    415415999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    415415999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  23175640149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23175640149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  23175640149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23175640149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      9972043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9972043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3031799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3031799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          267                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          267                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        64643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        64643                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        62309                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        62309                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     13003842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13003842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     13004109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13004109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.040323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.014124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.235955                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.152066                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.152066                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.204882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.204882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 53328.022007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53328.022007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40457.777726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40457.777726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7386.673245                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7386.673245                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 32540.811452                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32540.811452                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 52089.337543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52089.337543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 52081.962832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52081.962832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        69967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            69967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       402100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       402100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        42820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        42820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           63                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         9772                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9772                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12766                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        12766                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       444920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       444920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       444983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       444983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  20638702241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20638702241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1646746000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1646746000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5310000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5310000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     48138002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48138002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    389883001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389883001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22285448241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22285448241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22290758241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22290758241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       793994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       793994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1308494                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1308494                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.014124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.235955                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.151169                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151169                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.204882                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204882                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 51327.287344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51327.287344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38457.403083                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38457.403083                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 84285.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84285.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4926.115637                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4926.115637                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 30540.733276                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30540.733276                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 50088.663672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50088.663672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 50093.505237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50093.505237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14604                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    10051776                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    365552                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3014454                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       83                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    22                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                10417328                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3014537                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         13066230                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         365635                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     13431865                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    37959112                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        13                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                37959125                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         37959112                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     37959125                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       171237335                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   33560205                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     34129951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             29624925                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     273835                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3275118                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    29624925                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           46935424                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          22643981                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           132408914                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           17244588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13089599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10052365                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3037234                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1970418.023524                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              169266916.976476                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.988493                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.011507                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          4296966                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 21064167     61.67%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     554      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10052365     29.43%     91.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3037234      8.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  34154329                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           27425456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         10759.300118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         75920773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        75920773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     37956563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       37956563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     37956563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        37956563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     37956563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       37956563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    221019225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221019225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    221019225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    221019225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    221019225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    221019225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     37959112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37959112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     37959112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     37959112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     37959112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     37959112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 86708.209102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86708.209102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 86708.209102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86708.209102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 86708.209102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86708.209102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    215646775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215646775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    215646775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215646775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    215646775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215646775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84600.539427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84600.539427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84600.539427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84600.539427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84600.539427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84600.539427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               162                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           358125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          252.945102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4995783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           358125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.949830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   252.945102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.988067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         26544428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        26544428                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      9597085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9597085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2909787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2909787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        53202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        53202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        48127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        48127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     12506872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12506872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     12507125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12507125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       390900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       390900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        43507                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        43507                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           64                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        10251                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10251                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        12960                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12960                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       434407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        434407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       434471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       434471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  20693028218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20693028218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1785095992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1785095992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     71668496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     71668496                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    439781998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    439781998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        35000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  22478124210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22478124210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  22478124210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22478124210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      9987985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9987985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2953294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2953294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          317                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          317                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        63453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        63453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        61087                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        61087                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     12941279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12941279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     12941596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12941596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.039137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.201893                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.201893                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.161553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.212156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.212156                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 52936.884671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52936.884671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41030.086929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41030.086929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6991.366306                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6991.366306                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 33933.796142                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33933.796142                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 51744.387659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51744.387659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 51736.765423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51736.765423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        69337                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            69337                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       390900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       390900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        43507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        10192                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        10192                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        12959                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        12959                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       434407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       434407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       434471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       434471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19910977720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19910977720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1698077002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1698077002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6792000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6792000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     44937498                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44937498                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    413866002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413866002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  21609054722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21609054722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  21615846722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21615846722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       696997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       696997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       483000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       483000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1179997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1179997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.039137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.014732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.201893                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201893                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.160623                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160623                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.212140                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212140                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 50936.243848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50936.243848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 39029.972234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39029.972234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       106125                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106125                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4409.095173                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4409.095173                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 31936.569334                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31936.569334                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49743.799529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49743.799529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49752.104794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49752.104794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             14294                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          191.074069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   191.074069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.746383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.746383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          149.588307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   149.588307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.584329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.584329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.582031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.064184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   212.064184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.828376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.828376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2122                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1881                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2124                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1881                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4003                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4005                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       10017                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   10017                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            10017                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        10017                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       173220596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1140                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10790                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19409                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7326                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               42768                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4368                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4366                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2216                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2150                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              173139113.986711                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              81482.013289                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000470                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999530                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7667     63.40%     63.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      54      0.45%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2216     18.32%     82.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2150     17.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12093                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              25031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           106.063559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20270                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        10017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        10017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        10017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 66665.254237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66665.254237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 66665.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66665.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 66665.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66665.254237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 64665.254237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64665.254237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 64665.254237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64665.254237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 64665.254237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64665.254237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                38                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               93                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          224.079485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              45467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           488.892473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   224.079485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.875310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8124                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2441500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2441500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1196500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1196500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       230500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       230500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       148500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       148500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.050025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218750                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.218750                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23936.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23936.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44314.814815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44314.814815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25611.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25611.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        24750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28201.550388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28201.550388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        26750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        26750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2237500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2237500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1142500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       223500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       223500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       136500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       136500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3603500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3603500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.050025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014746                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.218750                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218750                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21936.274510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21936.274510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42314.814815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42314.814815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31928.571429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31928.571429                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        22750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        22750                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26201.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26201.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26496.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26496.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                16                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 86610286000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -499996627.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       670807872.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -337299312.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       452529120.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -2249361753.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       3316859020.800001
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -636527185.920000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       667500134.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1187114243727.359619
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1282607963873.280762
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -349764386492.159851
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       378755325066.240051
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -3827670495936.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       4134825335040.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.08661
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       517678503.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       175109532.016235
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       59213911.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       8434527.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       20092036.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6156585.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       66869540.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       94200442.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       45388587.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       550270.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       59213911.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       75814670.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       25.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       75814645.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5226.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       19962067.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       5986924.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       26945778.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       744422.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       793102.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       86355.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       3549990
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       267784.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       9340.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       282426.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1868513.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       62161.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       266958.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
