sim_seconds                                  0.083729                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 83729264000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4211485430500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               13449316                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 13601644                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              133447699                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   627.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8438521913                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8534096937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      1381776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      1381776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         3300                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         3300                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       345444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       345444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data          825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total          825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     16502904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       16502904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        39413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total         39413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     16542317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      16542317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               345444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                 825                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             345444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts               825                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        11040768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ            13440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            15552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          1381776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          3300                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             420                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            344                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        39925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        56775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        34995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        34524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        25043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        35467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        67685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        50610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap            98058470500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         345444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2           825                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           345024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15              11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16              11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       145779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.843023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.544277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.270275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63        26935     18.48%     18.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95        77667     53.28%     71.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127        18332     12.58%     84.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159        14826     10.17%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2387      1.64%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4170      2.86%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255          413      0.28%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287          685      0.47%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::288-319           89      0.06%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::320-351          220      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::352-383           49      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-415            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::416-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       145779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 11725.620690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10849.461592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4550.882296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.90%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.45%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      6.90%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.45%     20.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.45%     24.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.45%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.45%     31.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.45%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     13.79%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.45%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.45%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.45%     58.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      6.90%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2      6.90%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.45%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.45%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.45%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.758621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.731029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.987608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           18     62.07%     62.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     37.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            4304782375                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      10152939175                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          1104076800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              12476.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         29426.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                131.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              16.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits            199671                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits               60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          57.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         12.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap              283185.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             57.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58829915780                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  17542121339                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     174248323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     139410028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     140820422.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     173992492.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0     117548472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1         94046448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2         94997904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3        117375888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    172746662.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1       102660480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2       108401280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    205462233.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   112307420.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   112179686.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   112148582.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   112213278.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 9858113611.199999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 9048245353.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 9193366460.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 10048098551.039999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  67550827872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 68261238624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  68133939408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 67384174416.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   99864251992.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   99636240252.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   99662133688.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   99919776491.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     78.635028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     78.455487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     78.475876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     78.678749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                 35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        39747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        18345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        15287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total               107012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        39747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total           67264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks          64207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               64207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks          64207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        39747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        18345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        15287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total              171219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                         35                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                      280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  8960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   8960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                5376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  83648055000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                  280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           63                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.416681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            7     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            7     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           49     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           63                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.986391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              2     28.57%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     14.29%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     14.29%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            2     28.57%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     7673504                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat               12419504                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    896000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    27405.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               44355.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     26.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                     245                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                    140                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 1493715267.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76366236872                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        5800247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           2057529.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           2260137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                2183328                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           2058739.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                1388016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                1524696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                1472880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                1388832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          8016153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               8663616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          8332646.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          7798502.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         3550003.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         3788881.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         3642900.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         3464156.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       6373270958.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       6376466332.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       6376758975.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       6375163887.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        70607707392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        70604904432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        70604647728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        70606046928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         98874449684.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         98876067727.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         98875498089.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         98874380676.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.855638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.856913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.856464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.855584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    272056536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     74898160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        99465                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        99177                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    347153338                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst    272056536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    272056536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     18950987                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15949                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15893                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     18982829                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     68014134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     23448931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        99465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        99177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     91661707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7106930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7122962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3249240743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    894527868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1187936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1184496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4146141043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3249240743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3249240743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    226336481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       190483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       189814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    226716778                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3249240743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data   1120864349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1378419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1374310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4372857822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         7680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           7680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                 32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           30                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                30                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        51977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        12230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        12230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                97839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        51977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total           70322                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks          91724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               91724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks          91724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        51977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        12230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        12230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total              189563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                         32                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        30                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                      256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     240                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  8192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   7680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   8192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                7680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  83647424000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                  256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 240                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.486486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.432638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    79.930662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10     13.51%     13.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95            2      2.70%     16.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      2.70%     18.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255           10     13.51%     32.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           50     67.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     24.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.868657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     10.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     10.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     10.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40               3     30.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24              10    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     7645496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat               11984696                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    819200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    29865.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               46815.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     31.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                     222                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                    200                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                86.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 1349152000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   85.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76364800331                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        7236788                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           2076883.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           2278281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                1983744                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           2189980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                1401072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1536936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                1338240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           1477368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               8027136                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          8816371.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          7546905.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               8249280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         3593134.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         3842380.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         3364208.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         3613455.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       6373635010.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       6376722641.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       6374176355.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       6377244998.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        70607388048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        70604679600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2        70606913184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3        70604221392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         98874580915.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         98876335842.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         98873782269.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         98875456105.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.855742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.857124                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.855113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.856431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    270874644                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     74604127                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       100420                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       102969                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    345682160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    270874644                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    270874644                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     18872466                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15854                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16268                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     18904588                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     67718661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     23351317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       100420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       102969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     91273367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      7075305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7979                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7091476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3235125105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    891016157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1199342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1229785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4128570388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3235125105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3235125105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    225398685                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       189348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       194293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    225782326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3235125105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data   1116414842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1388690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1424078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4354352715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         7424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           7424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                 31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                29                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        33632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        21402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         9172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                94782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        33632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           58092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          88667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               88667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          88667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        33632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        21402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         9172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              183448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                         31                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        29                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  7936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   7680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   7936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                7424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  83646921000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                  248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                 232                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.943662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.446058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.431608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10     14.08%     14.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255           10     14.08%     28.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           51     71.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.399896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              2     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9              1     10.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     10.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     10.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            2     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24              10    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     6603368                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               10806968                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    793600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26626.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43576.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     30.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    200                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 1394115350.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   86.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76364469262                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        7567857                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                2077488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           2046643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           2336947.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           2329084.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                1401480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                1380672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                1576512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3           1571208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          7998182.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          8037619.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          8852313.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          8747980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         3593134.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         3447152.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         3952281.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         3865190.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       6374182812.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       6373586419.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       6377981748.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       6379127256.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        70606907520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        70607430672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2        70603575120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3        70602570288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         98874620248.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         98874388809.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         98876734554.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         98876670640.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.855773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.855591                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.857438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.857387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         6144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           6144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                 27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks           24                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                24                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        12230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         9172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                82552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total           61149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          73379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               73379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          73379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        12230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         9172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              155931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                         27                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        24                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                      216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  6912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   6144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   6912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                6144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  83758927000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                  216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                 192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           60                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.864711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.671887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            7     11.67%     11.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            2      3.33%     15.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      1.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      1.67%     18.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     10.00%     28.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           43     71.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           60                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.110770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     12.50%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32               2     25.00%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40               2     25.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               8    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     6306328                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                9967528                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    691200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    29195.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               46145.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     35.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                     189                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    159                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               82.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 1642331901.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76364987063                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        7050056                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                2183328                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                2047248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           2043014.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           2197238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                1472880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                1381080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                1378224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                1482264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          8393049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          7893849.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          7763059.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          8299699.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         3775610.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         3490283.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         3453788.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         3696399.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       6375915357.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       6374302266.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       6374551515.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       6377077883.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        70605387744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        70606802736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        70606584096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        70604367984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         98875587600.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         98874377094.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         98874233328.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         98875581099.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.856534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.855581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.855468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.856529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1308872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      1308872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         2744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         2744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       327218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       327218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     15632193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       15632193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        32772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total         32772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     15664965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      15664965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               327218                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 686                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             327218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               686                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        10461248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ             9728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            13216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          1308872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          2744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            284                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        30510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1        38429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        40114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        36367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        40140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        23303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        41327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7        76724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap            98097963500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         327218                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           686                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           326914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       136501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.735438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.444268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.715735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63        24525     17.97%     17.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95        71822     52.62%     70.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127        14434     10.57%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159        19610     14.37%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2162      1.58%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         2630      1.93%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255          395      0.29%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287          591      0.43%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319          105      0.08%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351          160      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383           22      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415           39      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::416-447            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       136501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 13555.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12531.953505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4987.516736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.17%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.17%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.17%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      8.33%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.17%     29.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.17%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.17%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.17%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.17%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      4.17%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      4.17%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            4     16.67%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            2      8.33%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            2      8.33%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.208333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.167717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.215092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           11     45.83%     45.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     45.83%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      4.17%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      4.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat            4043636692                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat       9584828992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          1046124800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12369.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29319.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                124.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              15.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits            190774                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               52                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          58.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         12.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap              299166.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             58.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  59633804521                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16738232598                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     144555062.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     145897718.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     138958243.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     188829446.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0         97517304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1         98423064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2     93741672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3        127384944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    114470054.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    126221721.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    103287475.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    216484569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   112226964.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   112245212.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   112246871.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   112231111.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0   9132416424                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 9405703808.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 8981237759.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 10080320532.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  68187404352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 67947678576.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 68320017216.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3  67355909520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   99667049792.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   99714629732.160019                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   99627948867.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   99959619755.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.479747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.517212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.448958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     78.710122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         7936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           7936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                 30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           31                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                31                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        51977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         9172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                91724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        51977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           70322                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          94782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               94782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          94782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        51977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         9172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              186506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                         30                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        31                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  7680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   8448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   7680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                7936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  83734757000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                  240                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                 248                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.945946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.583654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.146314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10     13.51%     13.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      1.35%     14.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      1.35%     16.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255           10     13.51%     29.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           52     70.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           74                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     23.272727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.065348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     18.18%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     18.18%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               1      9.09%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24               3     27.27%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40               1      9.09%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56               2     18.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24              11    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     6846064                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               10914064                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    768000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28525.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45475.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     30.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     209                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    221                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               89.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 1372700934.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   88.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76366098042                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        5939077                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                2334528                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           2033942.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           2553465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           2341785.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1574880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                1372104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1722576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1579776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          8978611.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          7754073.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          9730406.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          8954150.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         4037713.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         3474109.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         4286545.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         3845283.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0         6376714488                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       6374275562.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       6381085138.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       6378455021.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        70604686752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        70606826160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2        70600852848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        70603159968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         98876786604.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         98874195583.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         98878690611.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         98876795616.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.857479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.855438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.858978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.857486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1326104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::total      1326104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         3188                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         3188                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       331526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::total       331526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data          797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total          797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     15837999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::total       15837999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        38075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total         38075                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     15876074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      15876074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs               331526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                 797                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts             331526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts               797                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM        10587808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ            21024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten            15008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys          1326104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          3188                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            327                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0        28863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1        54021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2        28616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3        41336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4        33528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5        37080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6        29261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7        78164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap            98136679000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2         331526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2           797                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0           330869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       131927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.368810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.472838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.280991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63        19927     15.10%     15.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95        70200     53.21%     68.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127        14536     11.02%     79.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159        17803     13.49%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3979      3.02%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3707      2.81%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          625      0.47%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287          920      0.70%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::288-319           74      0.06%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::320-351          102      0.08%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::352-383           24      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-415           23      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::416-447            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::448-479            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       131927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean 11650.464286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10556.376906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4776.324625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      7.14%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.57%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.57%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.57%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      7.14%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.14%     35.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      7.14%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.57%     46.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      7.14%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.57%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.57%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            4     14.29%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.57%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      3.57%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.57%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            2      7.14%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.709091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.236033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16           19     67.86%     67.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     28.57%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::21            1      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat            3915738643                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat       9523968193                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat          1058780800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat              11834.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat         28784.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                126.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys              15.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits            199348                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               63                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          60.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         13.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              295305.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate             60.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  59629323628                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT  16742713491                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     151790284.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     155087049.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     141358694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3        165787776                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0        102398208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1        104622216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2         95361024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3        111840960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    137482675.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1    137809651.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2    115827878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3    185284569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   112236917.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   112209131.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   112181345.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   112215767.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 9525737545.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1   9462874608                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 9225625815.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 10000488758.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 67842385824.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1  67897528752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  68105641728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3  67425937392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   99750491087.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   99748591039.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   99674456116.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   99880014854.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     78.545450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     78.543954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     78.485579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     78.647440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1366776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total      1366776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         3500                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         3500                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       341694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       341694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data          875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total          875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     16323755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       16323755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        41801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total         41801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     16365556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      16365556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               341694                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                 875                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             341694                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts               875                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM        10921408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ            12800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten            16640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys          1366776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          3500                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             400                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            359                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        34563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        51896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        42916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        34753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        40727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        47354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        30347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        58738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap            98081520000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         341694                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2           875                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           341294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       135805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.542307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.717445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.331776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63        20319     14.96%     14.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95        70823     52.15%     67.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127        17066     12.57%     79.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159        18994     13.99%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3154      2.32%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3494      2.57%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          527      0.39%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287          974      0.72%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::288-319          158      0.12%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::320-351          239      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::352-383           37      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-415           19      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::416-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       135805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean 10896.677419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10008.125742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4631.019559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.23%      3.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.23%      6.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.23%      9.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.23%     12.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      6.45%     19.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3      9.68%     29.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.45%     35.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      6.45%     41.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      6.45%     48.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3      9.68%     58.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.23%     61.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.23%     64.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.23%     67.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.23%     70.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.23%     74.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.23%     77.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.23%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.23%     83.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.23%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.23%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.23%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      3.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.774194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.731614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.257237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16           21     67.74%     67.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     25.81%     93.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.23%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::21            1      3.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat            3920209606                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat       9705142906                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat          1092140800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              11486.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         28436.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                130.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              16.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits            205947                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits               62                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          60.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate         12.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap              286311.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             60.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  59241833470                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  17130203649                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     146557555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     139448131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     159595833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     158615452.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0     98868192.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1     94072152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2        107663856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3        107002488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    121200268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    107320012.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    147444211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    190583078.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   112185907.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   112170147.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   112265118.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   112223646.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 9363270856.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 9109094322.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 9527715126.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 9942729664.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 67984900464.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 68207862336.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 67840651104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 67476603264.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   99705442874.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   99648426733.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   99773794881.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   99866217225.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     78.509978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     78.465083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     78.563800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     78.636575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    270257836                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     74431079                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       103253                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       101194                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    344893362                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst    270257836                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    270257836                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     18836082                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15577                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     18867596                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     67564459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     23297300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       103253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       101194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     91066206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      7060719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7076579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3227758410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    888949400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1233177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1208586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4119149572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3227758410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3227758410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    224964142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       190340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       186040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    225340521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3227758410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data   1113913542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1423517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1394626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4344490094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    270195500                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     74453087                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       103715                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       102014                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    344854316                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst    270195500                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    270195500                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     18831509                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        16438                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16150                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     18864097                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     67548875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     23297555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       103715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       102014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     91052159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      7057184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7073590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3227013915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    889212247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1238695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1218379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4118683236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3227013915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3227013915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    224909525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       196323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       192884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    225298732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3227013915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1114121772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1435018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1411263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4343981968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1373560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::total      1373560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         2892                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         2892                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       343390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::total       343390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data          723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total          723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     16404778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::total       16404778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        34540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total         34540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     16439318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      16439318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs               343390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                 723                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts             343390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts               723                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM        10978944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ             9536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten            13920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys          1373560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          2892                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             298                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            286                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0        37610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1        37471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2        43570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3        50777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4        37158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5        35233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6        25961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7        75312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7           39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            98127277500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2         343390                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2           723                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0           343092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       141114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.900591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.882097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.209798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63        24808     17.58%     17.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95        75740     53.67%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127        15273     10.82%     82.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159        16001     11.34%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3325      2.36%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3767      2.67%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          609      0.43%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287          976      0.69%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::288-319          173      0.12%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::320-351          359      0.25%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::352-383           26      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-415           56      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::416-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       141114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12759.923077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11941.513883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4752.645292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.85%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.85%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      7.69%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     11.54%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.85%     42.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      7.69%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      7.69%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.85%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.85%     65.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.85%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.85%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.85%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.85%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.85%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26111            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.730769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.700510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.041449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16           17     65.38%     65.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     30.77%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat            4190935412                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat      10006344812                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat          1097894400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat              12215.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat         29165.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                131.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys              16.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits            202355                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               58                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          58.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         13.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              285160.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             58.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58926659009                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT  17445378110                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     148513478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     158265878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     148706409.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     171743846.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0        100187664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1        106766664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2        100317816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3        115858944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0       124755072                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1    146345971.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    126132364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    190303027.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   112203740.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   112198763.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   112250603.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   112207057.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 9440489257.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 9467549282.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 9330631087.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 9958354960.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 67917165024.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  67893428160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  68013531840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 67462896864.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   99721773867.840027                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   99763014351.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   99710029752.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   99889824331.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     78.522838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     78.555311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     78.513590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     78.655164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         7168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           7168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                 34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           28                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                28                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        15287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         6115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        24460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total               103954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        24460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total           79494                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          85609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               85609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          85609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        15287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         6115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        24460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total              189563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                         34                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        28                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                      272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                     224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  8704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   6912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   8704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                7168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  83730867000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                  272                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                 224                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.943662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.446058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.431608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10     14.08%     14.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255           10     14.08%     28.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           51     71.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           71                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.958080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.797959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     11.11%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24               4     44.44%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32               2     22.22%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               9    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                     7189780                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat               11800180                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    870400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    26433.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               43383.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     27.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                     237                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                    180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               80.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 1350497854.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   84.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76365936380                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        6100739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           2119219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                2237760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           2155507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           2115590.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                1429632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                1509600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                1454112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                1427184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          8168908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          8749478.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          8185382.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               8116992                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         3656171.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         3683128.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         3629629.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         3520558.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       6374369517.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       6377224587.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       6377323029.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       6375904741.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        70606743744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        70604239296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        70604152944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3        70605397056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0          98874946824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         98876103481.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         98875360235.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         98874941753.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.856030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.856941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.856355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.856026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    273032448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     75083354                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        96043                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        97427                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    348309272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst    273032448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    273032448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     19002396                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15419                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15613                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     19033428                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     68258112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     23522015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        96043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        97427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total     91973597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      7133001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7148622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3260896310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    896739687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1147066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1163596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4159946659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3260896310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3260896310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    226950472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       184153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       186470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    227321095                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3260896310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data   1123690159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1331219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1350066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4387267754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1389332                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1389332                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         2856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         2856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       347333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       347333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data          714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total          714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     16593147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       16593147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        34110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total         34110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     16627257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      16627257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               347333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                 714                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             347333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts               714                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM        11104480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ            10176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten            13088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1389332                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          2856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             318                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            299                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        38902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        28086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        51135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        41936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        42801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        28574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        43266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        72315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            98258382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         347333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2           714                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           347015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       145253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.539335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.860926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    38.451697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63        22663     15.60%     15.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95        82010     56.46%     72.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127        16162     11.13%     83.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159        16924     11.65%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2803      1.93%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3468      2.39%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          446      0.31%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287          567      0.39%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::288-319           60      0.04%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::320-351          130      0.09%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::352-383            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-415            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::416-447            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       145253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean        13988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 13552.812720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  3553.920664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.17%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     12.50%     20.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.17%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.17%     29.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            3     12.50%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            3     12.50%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            2      8.33%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2      8.33%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            2      8.33%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            3     12.50%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.041667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.977321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.601064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16           14     58.33%     58.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     37.50%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::23            1      4.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat            4274043851                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat      10155948101                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat          1110448000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat              12316.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         29266.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                132.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              16.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               24.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits            202122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               49                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          58.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         11.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              282313.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             58.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58670310207                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  17701726912                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0        140954688                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     163742947.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2        146739600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     175513564.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0         95088480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1     110461512.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2         98991000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3        118402008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    105843379.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    159369100.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    119785036.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3    199224230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   112232355.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   112189224.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   112229452.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   112191713.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 9056465665.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 9630104728.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 9239616515.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 10067067950.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 68254027824.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 67750835664.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 68093369184.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  67367534592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   99643072024.320023                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   99805162808.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   99689190420.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   99918393690.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     78.460866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     78.588500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     78.497181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     78.677660                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    274431288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     75402226                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        93304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        95717                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    350022535                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    274431288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    274431288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     19074919                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15548                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15881                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     19106348                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     68607822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     23634568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        93304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        95717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     92431411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      7167616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7183445                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3277603013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    900548057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1114354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1143173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4180408596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3277603013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3277603013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    227816633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       185694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       189671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    228191997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   3277603013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data   1128364690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1300047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1332843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4408600594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         6400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           6400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           25                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                25                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        18345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        15287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total               100897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total           61149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          76437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               76437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          76437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        45862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        18345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        15287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total              177333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         33                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        25                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                      264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     200                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  8448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   6144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   8448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                6400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  83724098000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                  264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 200                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           66                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.575758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.697673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.617343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            9     13.64%     13.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            8     12.12%     25.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           49     74.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           66                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.116574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     12.50%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     25.00%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     12.50%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     12.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     12.50%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::56               2     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               8    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     7393568                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat               11868368                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    844800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    28005.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               44955.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     31.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                     231                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    160                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               80.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 1443518931.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   84.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76363982387                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        7793199                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           2081116.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           2339366.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           2034547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                2252880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0           1403928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                1578144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                1372512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                1519800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          7894348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          9006067.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          7708147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          8597222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              3732480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         3858554.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         3450470.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         3829109.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       6373511179.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       6377917835.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       6375303423.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       6377098129.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        70607496672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1        70603631184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2        70605924528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3        70604350224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         98874579356.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         98876790783.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         98874253259.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         98876106997.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.855741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.857482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.855484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.856943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         6912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           6912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                 36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           27                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                27                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        55035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        24460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         9172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               110069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        55035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total           73379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          82552                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               82552                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          82552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        55035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        24460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         9172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              192621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                         36                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        27                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                      288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     216                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  9216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   6912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   9216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                6912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  83734024000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                  288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                 216                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           73                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.931507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.053580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.578269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10     13.70%     13.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255           10     13.70%     27.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           53     72.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           73                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.159287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9              1     11.11%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            3     33.33%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            3     33.33%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               9    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     8363056                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat               13244656                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    921600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    29038.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               45988.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     34.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                     252                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    179                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 1329111492.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   76364305524                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        7731595                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           2189980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           2052086.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                2089584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           2235340.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0           1477368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                1384344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                1409640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3           1507968.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          8406028.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          7860403.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          7919308.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          8554291.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         3828695.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         3457105.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         3517240.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         3719208.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       6375020247.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       6374030417.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       6375042682.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       6377124669.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        70606172928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        70607041200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        70606153248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3        70604326944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         98875554879.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         98874285188.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         98874591335.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         98875928053.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.856509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.855509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.855750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.856803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      1424452                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      1424452                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         3232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         3232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       356113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       356113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data          808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total          808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     17012594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       17012594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        38601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total         38601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     17051195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      17051195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               356113                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                 808                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             356113                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts               808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        11386432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ             9184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            15456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          1424452                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          3232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             287                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            333                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        26993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1        54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2        52032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        44108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4        39720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        29840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        31377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7        77552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap            98144608500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         356113                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2           808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           355826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       143322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.554346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.855056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.849851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63        22381     15.62%     15.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95        73668     51.40%     67.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127        24046     16.78%     83.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159        12479      8.71%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2660      1.86%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6799      4.74%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          423      0.30%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287          610      0.43%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319           77      0.05%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::320-351          108      0.08%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::352-383           33      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-415           28      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::416-447            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       143322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12241.862069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11422.142998                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4451.373662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      6.90%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      6.90%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.45%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      6.90%     24.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            4     13.79%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     10.34%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.45%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.45%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      6.90%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.45%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            2      6.90%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.45%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.45%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.45%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.655172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.630404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.936401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           19     65.52%     65.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.45%     68.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     31.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat            4168093093                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat      10199343793                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          1138643200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              11713.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         28663.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                135.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              17.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits            212921                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits               66                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          59.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate         13.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap              274975.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             59.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58577379233                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  17794657886                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0        161853552                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1        163855440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     138419971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     166140979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0        109186920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1        110537400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2     93378552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3     112079232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    147203097.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    154549324.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    103858060.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    196580467.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   112209546.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   112207887.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   112147752.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3      112264704                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 9621970490.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 9790571511.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 9044258837.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 10159009643.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  67757970960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  67610075328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2  68264735568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 67286883984.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   99788854198.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   99820256522.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   99635258374.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   99911418641.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     78.575658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     78.600385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     78.454714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     78.672168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    272915748                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     75031290                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        98181                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        95288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    348140507                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    272915748                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    272915748                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     18987068                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15719                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        15342                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     19018130                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     68228937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     23509509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        98181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        95288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     91931915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      7129448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         7907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         7716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7145072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3259502532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    896117873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1172601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1138049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4157931055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3259502532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3259502532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    226767406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       187736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       183233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    227138387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3259502532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   1122885279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1360337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1321282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4385069442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1275592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      1275592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         3116                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         3116                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       318898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       318898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data          779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total          779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     15234721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       15234721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        37215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total         37215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     15271936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      15271936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               318898                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                 779                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             318898                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts               779                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        10195648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            14912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          1275592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          3116                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            325                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        24752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        52760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2        29468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        40474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        34006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        23902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        57079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7        56173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap            98109898500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         318898                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2           779                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           318614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       130141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.457673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    69.541655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.469154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63        22247     17.09%     17.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95        68521     52.65%     69.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127        15962     12.27%     82.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159        14466     11.12%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3459      2.66%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3693      2.84%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255          478      0.37%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287          915      0.70%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319          141      0.11%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-351          220      0.17%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::352-383           16      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-415           22      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::416-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       130141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 11238.928571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10053.743644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4755.885967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.57%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.57%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.57%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      7.14%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.57%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.57%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.57%     35.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.57%     39.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     10.71%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     10.71%     60.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.57%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.57%     67.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      7.14%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.57%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.57%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.57%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.57%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.642857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.617354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.951190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           19     67.86%     67.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     32.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat            3845062241                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat       9245569541                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          1019564800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              12068.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         29018.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                121.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              15.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits            188876                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits               63                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          59.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate         13.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap              306903.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             59.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  60053613564                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   7357069800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16318423555                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     146640412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     146590819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     144103276.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     174063254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0         98924088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1     98890632.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2         97212528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3        117423624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    119742105.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    116314598.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    114687705.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    218753932.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   112258068.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   112269680.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   112178856.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   112187151.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 21878459631.360004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 9206886349.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 9186246622.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 9292872974.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 10092605938.559999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 68122079856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1  68140184880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2  68046652992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  67345132848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   99684990511.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   99678956863.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   99686167965.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   99938626380.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.493874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.489123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.494801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     78.693592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    269786056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     74377010                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       103462                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       105136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    344371664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    269786056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    269786056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     18820231                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        15977                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        16155                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     18852363                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     67446514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     23266544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       103462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       105136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total     90921656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      7048243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         8039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         8139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total      7064421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3222123820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    888303640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1235673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1255666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   4112918800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3222123820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3222123820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    224774829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       190817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       192943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    225158590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   3222123820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data   1113078469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1426491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1448609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   4338077390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1597045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1597045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              62                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      3451786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3451902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3451902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1971574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1971806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1971806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    798522500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1600796000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127741000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63870500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      3547500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       504500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       506000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        31000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         8000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       264000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1089                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        19032                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1297                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         2280                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        90999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       321500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        24999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        44500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          2390                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        21312                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                         2379                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 99998                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                       21308                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               345000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime              125497                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             366000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             1959                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    2494    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               39000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  58                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           929811000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             1725021                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         1664961500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            1724864                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            1597007                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           1597007                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127721                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127721                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              215                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              47                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            15                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             62                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           43                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       105627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       101104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       111344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       110084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       106128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       112158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       110444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       105356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       862476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       103513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       103808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       113450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       110286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       108630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       109934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       108912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       103706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       862451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       105556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       100994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       111360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       110146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       106070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       112154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       110574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       105382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       862446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       103490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       103794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       113398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       110098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       108520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       110024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       109190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       103738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       862454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               3449827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         4352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        56674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        54398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        59554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        58996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        57009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        60207                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        59251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        56449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       493002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         4864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         4352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        55561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        55915                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        60826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        59037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        58392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        58900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        58287                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        55585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       493479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         4864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        56648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        54382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        59709                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        59102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        56953                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        60085                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        59127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        56600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       494094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         5120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         3584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        55648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        55755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        60641                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        58826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        58130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        59125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        58846                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        55868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       490999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                1971574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1916062000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   3914663784                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272545800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    175030500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2021000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        65800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        86738                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        22400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       157558                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1974                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          215                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       512800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        62400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                         2189                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                        2189                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime               575200                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             575200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             348800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 72                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             321600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 64                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             307000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 65                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             273200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 58                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             300800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 72                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             257600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 64                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             329600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 64                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             330400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 76                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          265442800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             209093                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          260571800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             204850                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         284761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            224776                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         279149000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            220307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         272541600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            214674                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy         281847600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded            222135                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         278502000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            219560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy         265453200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded            209091                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1022521457                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            431221                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1022646528                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            431195                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1022317836                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            431191                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1022452759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            431199                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      1597007                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      1597007                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127721                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127721                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          215                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           47                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           62                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           16                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       862476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       862451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       862446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       862454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      3449827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       493002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       493479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       494094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       490999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      1971574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1277605600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1438056500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114948900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102176800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       860000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        37600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        49600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        12800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        64000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         1798                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          247                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       773700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       106700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  2045                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                 2044                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime        879400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       880400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    348316800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       431255                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    348374400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       431256                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    348409000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       431255                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    348376700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       431255                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1540346900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      1724806                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1604869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1604869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               97                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              97                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1729301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1731224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3467052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       335872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1523828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       270848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1476049                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48921                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3759422                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    802568232                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1777396927                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127751978                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63871997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     59508997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       506500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       508500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        35500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        48500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2372500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1935                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          163                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1504                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     16578000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2372997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      6951000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       337500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       354500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       381500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       243500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        20000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         3491                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         165                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                        2988                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             14724000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 1724486                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           24846000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           2392997                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4253                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            12024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 12024    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              12024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          990893207                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            1736568                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          42643992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1312                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         911224481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            865210                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy            124497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded               123                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          34391487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1058                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         910136469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            866232                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy              9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy            123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded               123                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         13065998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              402                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          6882499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              256                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              68228937                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              30966861                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            327904                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles               167458528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           64621490                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             64621616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     52764604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7840297                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            52764604                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     94294404                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37794110                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    265375029                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     41425395                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             30966861                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts           23836727                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           7130134                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458528                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                 11857138                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33654755     52.08%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23836727     36.89%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7130134     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          64621616                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       327218                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       327218    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       327218                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          686                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          686    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          686                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 15633922.599140                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 17609798.310415                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3765     44.97%     44.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          248      2.96%     47.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          305      3.64%     51.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          318      3.80%     55.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          491      5.86%     61.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          854     10.20%     71.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          786      9.39%     80.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          348      4.16%     84.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          232      2.77%     87.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          193      2.31%     90.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          214      2.56%     92.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          185      2.21%     94.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          170      2.03%     96.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07           82      0.98%     97.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           60      0.72%     98.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           41      0.49%     99.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           42      0.50%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           25      0.30%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07           13      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 15632192.825677      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           1308872                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 32775.919732                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 248614.915351                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-262143         8137     97.19%     97.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-524287           89      1.06%     98.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-786431            0      0.00%     98.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-1.04858e+06           43      0.51%     98.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.31072e+06           24      0.29%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.31072e+06-1.57286e+06            0      0.00%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-1.83501e+06           44      0.53%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.83501e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.01%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.3593e+06            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.3593e+06-2.62144e+06           17      0.20%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-2.88358e+06            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.88358e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.40787e+06           10      0.12%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.40787e+06-3.67002e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-3.93216e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.93216e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.45645e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.45645e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-4.98074e+06            3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.98074e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 32772.293329      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2744                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       327218                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36901.666473                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32880.358667                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23165.488005                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          304      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       190774     58.30%     58.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        67989     20.78%     79.17% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        51467     15.73%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           98      0.03%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           87      0.03%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2066      0.63%     95.59% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12429      3.80%     99.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1995      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       327218                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          686                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          686    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          686                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       327218                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   299793.909565                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25387478.170938                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          131      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            2      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            1      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       102228     31.24%     31.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        23382      7.15%     38.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          113      0.03%     38.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       126668     38.71%     77.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1424      0.44%     77.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           39      0.01%     77.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        51499     15.74%     93.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           29      0.01%     93.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           91      0.03%     93.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           93      0.03%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           36      0.01%     93.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           36      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           47      0.01%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           23      0.01%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21376      6.53%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14451324500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        327218                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          686                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 142782629.737609                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 619422936.617502                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          184     26.82%     26.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     26.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     26.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          113     16.47%     43.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     43.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     43.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     43.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          139     20.26%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     63.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          250     36.44%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14788120000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          686                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        327904                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     299166.718003                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25360903.618094                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          499      0.15%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          263      0.08%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          299      0.09%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       102228     31.18%     31.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        23386      7.13%     38.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     38.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       126530     38.59%     77.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1424      0.43%     77.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           78      0.02%     77.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        51495     15.70%     93.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           29      0.01%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          112      0.03%     93.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           54      0.02%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           40      0.01%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           40      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           26      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           23      0.01%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21378      6.52%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14451324500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          327904                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.145963                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.353090                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7150     85.40%     85.40% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1222     14.60%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8372    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean    39.084806                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    44.027543                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3894     46.51%     46.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          422      5.04%     51.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          545      6.51%     58.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63         1171     13.99%     72.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          965     11.53%     83.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          372      4.44%     88.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          314      3.75%     91.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          288      3.44%     95.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          204      2.44%     97.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159           81      0.97%     98.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           64      0.76%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           44      0.53%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            8      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.081940                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.621537                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8137     97.19%     97.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1             89      1.06%     98.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             43      0.51%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             24      0.29%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             44      0.53%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              1      0.01%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             17      0.20%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8             10      0.12%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     92259133                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     92259133                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7145758                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7145758                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave       655808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     61277914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     61933722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    136457874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    136457874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       418186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       418186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total     198809782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1311616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     94018358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     95329974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    272915748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    272915748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       224531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       224531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      368470253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  46129566500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  98109329800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7145758000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4935978400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     36128798                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     62666865                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       142971                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       325809                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3607585500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  31151456500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5562000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     65161800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             36271769                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            62992674                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           209093                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               27725                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     13890000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          209093                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                252                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        50900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3613147500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  31216618300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    164295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       327904                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  53111029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         63.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     99076987                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  33079309600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     30966861                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  69726515600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         83.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     68228937                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    239483000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       209093                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              68607822                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              31121861                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            319677                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles               167458527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           64981465                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             64981615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     53048651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7888795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            53048651                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     94779802                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37991386                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    266805243                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     41668023                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             31121861                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts           23953466                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           7168395                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458527                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                 11933114                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33859754     52.11%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23953466     36.86%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7168395     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          64981615                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       318898                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       318898    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       318898                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          779                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          779    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          779                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 15236407.071190                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 17201144.358300                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3773     45.07%     45.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          244      2.91%     47.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          311      3.71%     51.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          353      4.22%     55.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          539      6.44%     62.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          947     11.31%     73.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          689      8.23%     81.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          295      3.52%     85.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          228      2.72%     88.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          198      2.37%     90.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          244      2.91%     93.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          178      2.13%     95.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          145      1.73%     97.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07           64      0.76%     98.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           51      0.61%     98.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           38      0.45%     99.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           38      0.45%     99.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           32      0.38%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            5      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 15234721.279767      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           1275592                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 37219.302437                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 275274.749071                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-262143         8131     97.12%     97.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-524287           75      0.90%     98.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-786431            0      0.00%     98.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-1.04858e+06           51      0.61%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.31072e+06           20      0.24%     98.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.31072e+06-1.57286e+06            0      0.00%     98.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-1.83501e+06           47      0.56%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.83501e+06-2.09715e+06            5      0.06%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.3593e+06            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.3593e+06-2.62144e+06           23      0.27%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.01%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.88358e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.40787e+06            7      0.08%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.40787e+06-3.67002e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-3.93216e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.93216e+06-4.1943e+06            8      0.10%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.45645e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.45645e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-4.98074e+06            4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.98074e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 37215.184407      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3116                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       318898                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36602.562575                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32631.998190                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23068.308820                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          284      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       188876     59.23%     59.32% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        66716     20.92%     80.24% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        46826     14.68%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          103      0.03%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          102      0.03%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2218      0.70%     95.68% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        11783      3.69%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1978      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       318898                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          779                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          779    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          779                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       318898                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   307652.912530                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25836443.572363                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           84      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            2      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000        99658     31.25%     31.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        23335      7.32%     38.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          129      0.04%     38.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       126022     39.52%     78.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1469      0.46%     78.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           44      0.01%     78.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        46842     14.69%     93.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           37      0.01%     93.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          102      0.03%     93.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           95      0.03%     93.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           40      0.01%     93.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           50      0.02%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           53      0.02%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        20907      6.56%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14518841500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        318898                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          779                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 125915173.940950                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 578963293.809837                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          213     27.34%     27.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     27.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     27.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          129     16.56%     43.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     43.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     43.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     43.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          167     21.44%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          270     34.66%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14772971500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          779                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        319677                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     306903.213243                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25804938.446427                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          510      0.16%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          316      0.10%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          327      0.10%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000        99658     31.17%     31.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        23338      7.30%     38.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     38.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       125850     39.37%     78.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1469      0.46%     78.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           86      0.03%     78.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        46839     14.65%     93.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           37      0.01%     93.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          128      0.04%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           53      0.02%     93.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           43      0.01%     93.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           61      0.02%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           27      0.01%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        20908      6.54%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14518841500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          319677                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.141424                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.348479                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7188     85.86%     85.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1184     14.14%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8372    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean    38.091018                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    43.009552                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3901     46.60%     46.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          432      5.16%     51.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          590      7.05%     58.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63         1293     15.44%     74.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          855     10.21%     84.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          332      3.97%     88.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          345      4.12%     92.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          279      3.33%     95.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          164      1.96%     97.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159           77      0.92%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           53      0.63%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           48      0.57%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.093048                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.688187                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8131     97.12%     97.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1             75      0.90%     98.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2             51      0.61%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3             20      0.24%     98.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4             47      0.56%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              5      0.06%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6             23      0.27%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.01%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              7      0.08%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             8      0.10%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     92750309                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     92750309                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7184224                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7184224                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave       639354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     61604368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     62243722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    137215644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    137215644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       409700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       409700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total     199869066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1278708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     94477145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     95755853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    274431288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    274431288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       220450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       220450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      370407591                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  46375154500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  98630033000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7184224000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4964536400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     36323172                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     63018638                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       138513                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       317605                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3626431000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  31333770100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5676000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63521500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             36461685                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            63336243                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           204850                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               27495                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     13878500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          204850                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                147                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        29900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3632107000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  31397291600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    160228000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       319677                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  53399150500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         63.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     99614856                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  33248920300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     31121861                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  70111347200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         83.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     68607822                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    234301900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       204850                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access              67446515                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access              30671708                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            356921                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles               167458529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts           63888129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps             63888277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     52201786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                148                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7734109                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            52201786                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads     93358094                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37418552                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    262532802                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     40916814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs             30671708                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts           23622657                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts           7049051                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458529                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                 11686639                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33216569     51.99%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23622657     36.97%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7049051     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total          63888277                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       356113                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       356113    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       356113                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          808                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          808    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          808                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 17011610.129001                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 18626911.806499                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3633     43.39%     43.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          228      2.72%     46.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          277      3.31%     49.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          297      3.55%     52.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          483      5.77%     58.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          643      7.68%     66.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          872     10.42%     76.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          486      5.81%     82.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          292      3.49%     86.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          178      2.13%     88.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          223      2.66%     90.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          207      2.47%     93.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          189      2.26%     95.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          111      1.33%     96.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           85      1.02%     97.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           56      0.67%     98.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           44      0.53%     99.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           40      0.48%     99.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07           24      0.29%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 17012594.306335      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           1424452                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 38604.873387                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 281233.800802                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         8201     97.96%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           49      0.59%     98.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           24      0.29%     98.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           58      0.69%     99.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           18      0.22%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           15      0.18%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 38600.602055      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3232                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       356113                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36254.389758                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32366.118073                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 22944.596056                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          287      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       212919     59.79%     59.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        78882     22.15%     82.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        46217     12.98%     95.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           91      0.03%     95.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           88      0.02%     95.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2150      0.60%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13285      3.73%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2186      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       356113                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          808                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          808    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          808                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       356113                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   275599.622873                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24334541.744358                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           77      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            7      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       118563     33.29%     33.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        26644      7.48%     40.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          132      0.04%     40.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       139815     39.26%     80.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1547      0.43%     80.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           44      0.01%     80.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        46204     12.97%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          100      0.03%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           91      0.03%     93.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           27      0.01%     93.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           59      0.02%     93.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           59      0.02%     93.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           21      0.01%     93.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22671      6.37%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14453199000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        356113                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          808                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 121466099.628713                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 574090253.642116                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          218     26.98%     26.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     26.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     26.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          132     16.34%     43.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     43.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     43.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     43.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          173     21.41%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     64.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          285     35.27%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  15070283500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          808                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        356921                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     274975.718716                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24306976.612377                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          513      0.14%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          325      0.09%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          353      0.10%      0.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       118563     33.22%     33.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        26649      7.47%     41.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     41.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       139640     39.12%     80.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1547      0.43%     80.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           84      0.02%     80.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        46199     12.94%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          133      0.04%     93.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           52      0.01%     93.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           32      0.01%     93.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           69      0.02%     93.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           26      0.01%     93.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           21      0.01%     93.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22667      6.35%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14453199000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          356921                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.152532                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.359558                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7095     84.75%     84.75% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1277     15.25%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8372    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean    42.529025                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    46.567708                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3746     44.74%     44.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          391      4.67%     49.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          544      6.50%     55.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          930     11.11%     67.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79         1142     13.64%     80.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          472      5.64%     86.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          298      3.56%     89.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          334      3.99%     93.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          232      2.77%     96.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          127      1.52%     98.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           70      0.84%     98.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           66      0.79%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207           20      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.096512                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.703085                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8118     96.97%     96.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1             83      0.99%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2             49      0.59%     98.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3             24      0.29%     98.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4             51      0.61%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              7      0.08%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6             18      0.22%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8             14      0.17%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     91277769                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     91277770                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7065229                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7065229                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave       713842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     60629574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     61343416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    134893029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    134893029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       449552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       449552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total     196685997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1427684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     93197241                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     94624925                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port    269786060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total    269786060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       240730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       240730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total      364651715                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  45638884500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  97071470800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7065229000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4873896100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     35740961                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     61937780                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       156933                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       354419                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3569240000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  30761553300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5916500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     70883800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq             35897894                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            62292199                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           224776                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               29380                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     14834500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          224776                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                358                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        73100                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3575156500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  30832437100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    178864500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       356921                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  52525249000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         62.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     97986077                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  32753626300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     30671708                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  68933963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         82.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     67446515                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    257777600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       224776                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              67564459                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              30704288                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            346269                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles               167458529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           63996154                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             63996314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     52277430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7753164                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            52277430                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     93469635                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37462642                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    262917174                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     40999193                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             30704288                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts           23642744                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           7061544                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458529                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                 11719044                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33292026     52.02%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23642744     36.94%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7061544     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          63996314                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       345444                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       345444    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       345444                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          825                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          825    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          825                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 16499665.551839                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 18242587.951796                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3684     44.00%     44.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          227      2.71%     46.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          296      3.54%     50.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          328      3.92%     54.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          447      5.34%     59.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          730      8.72%     68.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          847     10.12%     78.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          418      4.99%     83.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          299      3.57%     86.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          199      2.38%     89.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          186      2.22%     91.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          192      2.29%     93.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          191      2.28%     96.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          110      1.31%     97.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           63      0.75%     98.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           49      0.59%     98.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           47      0.56%     99.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           42      0.50%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07           17      0.20%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 16502903.930936      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           1381776                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 39417.104634                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 280542.581338                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         8196     97.90%     97.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           47      0.56%     98.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           19      0.23%     98.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           66      0.79%     99.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           25      0.30%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.02%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.12%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 39412.743435      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3300                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       345444                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37000.545675                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32960.597804                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23194.603492                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          420      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       199670     57.80%     57.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        72447     20.97%     78.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        55363     16.03%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           92      0.03%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          110      0.03%     94.98% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1997      0.58%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13140      3.80%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2195      0.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       345444                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          825                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          825    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          825                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       345444                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   283862.132502                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24691953.753051                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          189      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           13      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           12      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       109964     31.83%     31.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        23468      6.79%     38.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          135      0.04%     38.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       132127     38.25%     76.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1431      0.41%     77.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           46      0.01%     77.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        55391     16.03%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           41      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          102      0.03%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          109      0.03%     93.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           43      0.01%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           40      0.01%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           53      0.02%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22248      6.44%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14443802000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        345444                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          825                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 118732279.393939                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 564981229.441112                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          230     27.88%     27.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     27.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     27.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          135     16.36%     44.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     44.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     44.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     44.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          177     21.45%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          283     34.30%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14589537500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          825                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        346269                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     283185.819406                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24662513.811911                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          649      0.19%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          341      0.10%      0.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          346      0.10%      0.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       109964     31.76%     32.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        23474      6.78%     38.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     38.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       131946     38.11%     77.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1431      0.41%     77.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           96      0.03%     77.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        55385     15.99%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           41      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          122      0.04%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           59      0.02%     93.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           48      0.01%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           49      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           33      0.01%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22253      6.43%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14443802000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          346269                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.152891                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.359903                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7092     84.71%     84.71% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1280     15.29%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8372    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    41.249044                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    45.619394                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3800     45.39%     45.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          405      4.84%     50.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          526      6.28%     56.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63         1029     12.29%     68.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79         1082     12.92%     81.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          449      5.36%     87.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          299      3.57%     90.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          293      3.50%     94.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          241      2.88%     97.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          106      1.27%     98.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           75      0.90%     99.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           59      0.70%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207            8      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.098543                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.701356                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8118     96.97%     96.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1             78      0.93%     97.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2             47      0.56%     98.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3             19      0.23%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4             62      0.74%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.05%     99.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6             25      0.30%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.02%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8             10      0.12%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     91411650                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     91411650                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7077404                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7077404                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave       692538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     60716038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     61408576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    135128918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    135128918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       440614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       440614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total     196978108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1385076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     93267161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     94652237                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port    270257836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total    270257836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       235961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       235961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      365146034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  45705825000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  97212147400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7077404000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4884503600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     35793509                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     62049113                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       151809                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       343899                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3574367500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  30826851300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5656000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     68779800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             35945318                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            62393012                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           220307                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               28473                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     14355500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          220307                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                124                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        24800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3580023500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  30895631100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    173547000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       346269                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  52609682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         62.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     98142785                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  32791722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     30704288                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  69052170800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         82.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     67564459                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    252758200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       220307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              68014134                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access              30898430                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            342569                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles               167458528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           64422670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             64422828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     52619836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                158                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7807768                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            52619836                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     94068592                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37704184                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    264640359                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     41279769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs             30898430                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts           23790625                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           7107805                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458528                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                 11803150                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33524398     52.04%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23790625     36.93%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7107805     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          64422828                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       341694                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       341694    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       341694                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          875                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          875    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          875                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 16325561.395127                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 18149613.848259                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3706     44.27%     44.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          217      2.59%     46.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          291      3.48%     50.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          321      3.83%     54.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          470      5.61%     59.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          774      9.25%     69.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          838     10.01%     79.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          389      4.65%     83.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          242      2.89%     86.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          201      2.40%     88.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          231      2.76%     91.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          216      2.58%     94.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          174      2.08%     96.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07           82      0.98%     97.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           73      0.87%     98.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           50      0.60%     98.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           37      0.44%     99.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           39      0.47%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07           19      0.23%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 16323755.097143      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes           1366776                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 41806.020067                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 302501.791743                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         8192     97.85%     97.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           46      0.55%     98.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           23      0.27%     98.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           66      0.79%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           26      0.31%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            3      0.04%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            7      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 41801.394552      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3500                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       341694                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36016.735734                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32164.133095                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 22859.195412                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          400      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       205947     60.27%     60.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        77463     22.67%     83.06% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        40820     11.95%     95.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          101      0.03%     95.04% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          114      0.03%     95.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2110      0.62%     95.69% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12649      3.70%     99.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2076      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       341694                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          875                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          875    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          875                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       341694                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   287044.899823                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24839360.879878                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          184      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            2      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            2      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       113035     33.08%     33.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        25976      7.60%     40.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          142      0.04%     40.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       137664     40.29%     81.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1528      0.45%     81.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           38      0.01%     81.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        40831     11.95%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           47      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          104      0.03%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          101      0.03%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           53      0.02%     93.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           44      0.01%     93.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           68      0.02%     93.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           28      0.01%     93.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21847      6.39%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14450471000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        341694                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          875                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean    110809232                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 544730923.102791                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          230     26.29%     26.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     26.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     26.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          142     16.23%     42.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     42.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     42.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     42.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          206     23.54%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          297     33.94%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14836257000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          875                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        342569                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     286311.721142                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24807611.411657                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          644      0.19%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          368      0.11%      0.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          378      0.11%      0.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       113035     33.00%     33.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        25980      7.58%     40.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     40.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       137464     40.13%     81.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1528      0.45%     81.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           78      0.02%     81.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        40827     11.92%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           47      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          134      0.04%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           61      0.02%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           57      0.02%     93.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           49      0.01%     93.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           38      0.01%     93.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           28      0.01%     93.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21853      6.38%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14450471000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          342569                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.147038                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.354165                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7141     85.30%     85.30% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1231     14.70%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.010929                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8371     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    40.813903                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    45.379771                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3805     45.45%     45.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          410      4.90%     50.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          532      6.35%     56.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-63         1095     13.08%     69.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-79         1047     12.51%     82.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          379      4.53%     86.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          324      3.87%     90.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          340      4.06%     94.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          201      2.40%     97.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          103      1.23%     98.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           66      0.79%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           56      0.67%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::192-207           14      0.17%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.104515                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.756254                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8104     96.80%     96.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1             88      1.05%     97.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2             46      0.55%     98.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3             23      0.27%     98.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4             62      0.74%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.05%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6             26      0.31%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              3      0.04%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              6      0.07%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     92003401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     92003401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7123837                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7123837                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       685138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     61111722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     61796860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    136028268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total    136028268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       429348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       429348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total     198254476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave      1370276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     93849147                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     95219423                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port    272056536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total    272056536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       230484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       230484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total      367506443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  46001700500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  97839946400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7123837000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4917743900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     36028303                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     62464437                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       149722                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       340170                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3597757500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  31037502400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5783500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     68034000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq             36178025                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            62804607                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           214674                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail               28726                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     14529000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          214674                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                167                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        33900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3603541000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  31105536400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    171722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       342569                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  52953815500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         63.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     98784669                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  33001415700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     30898430                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  69510356600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         83.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     68014134                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    245918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       214674                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              67548874                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              30702786                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            348047                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles               167458528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           63987535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             63987667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     52273816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                132                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7750626                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            52273816                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     93465881                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37465226                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    262897665                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     40991302                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             30702786                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts           23644888                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           7057898                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458528                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                 11713983                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33284881     52.02%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23644888     36.95%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7057898     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          63987667                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       347333                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       347333    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       347333                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          714                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          714    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          714                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 16594983.277592                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 18151362.786490                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3604     43.05%     43.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          238      2.84%     45.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          288      3.44%     49.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          336      4.01%     53.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          525      6.27%     59.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          805      9.62%     69.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          785      9.38%     78.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          432      5.16%     83.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          235      2.81%     86.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          177      2.11%     88.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          237      2.83%     91.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          203      2.42%     93.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          193      2.31%     96.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          104      1.24%     97.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           62      0.74%     98.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           39      0.47%     98.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           48      0.57%     99.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           37      0.44%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07           24      0.29%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 16593147.170146      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1389332                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 34113.712375                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 261479.284168                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         8220     98.18%     98.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           45      0.54%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           23      0.27%     99.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           49      0.59%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           16      0.19%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           12      0.14%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 34109.937954      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2856                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       347333                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36851.197554                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32853.029702                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23113.438279                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          318      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       202121     58.19%     58.28% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        73983     21.30%     79.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        53249     15.33%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           82      0.02%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          115      0.03%     94.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2242      0.65%     95.62% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13162      3.79%     99.41% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2051      0.59%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       347333                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          714                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          714    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          714                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       347333                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   282893.885695                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24851436.623231                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          134      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            5      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            3      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       113259     32.61%     32.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        20764      5.98%     38.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          115      0.03%     38.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       135212     38.93%     77.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1602      0.46%     78.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           43      0.01%     78.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        53297     15.34%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           32      0.01%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           94      0.03%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           85      0.02%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           30      0.01%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           42      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           46      0.01%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22544      6.49%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14580543500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        347333                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          714                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 137597094.537815                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 601867955.153890                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          195     27.31%     27.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     27.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     27.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          115     16.11%     43.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     43.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     43.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     43.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          146     20.45%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     63.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          258     36.13%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14688946000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          714                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        348047                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     282313.543860                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24825927.057600                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          524      0.15%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          276      0.08%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          299      0.09%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       113259     32.54%     32.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        20772      5.97%     38.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     38.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       135068     38.81%     77.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1602      0.46%     78.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           91      0.03%     78.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        53289     15.31%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           32      0.01%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          109      0.03%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           37      0.01%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           32      0.01%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           49      0.01%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           31      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22551      6.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14580543500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          348047                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.151696                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.358748                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7102     84.83%     84.83% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1270     15.17%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8372    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean    41.487458                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    45.379010                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3721     44.45%     44.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          406      4.85%     49.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          587      7.01%     56.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-63         1133     13.53%     69.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-79         1024     12.23%     82.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          396      4.73%     86.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          314      3.75%     90.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          322      3.85%     94.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          228      2.72%     97.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          102      1.22%     98.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           67      0.80%     99.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           56      0.67%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::192-207           16      0.19%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.085284                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.653698                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8138     97.20%     97.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1             82      0.98%     98.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2             45      0.54%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3             23      0.27%     99.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4             45      0.54%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.05%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6             16      0.19%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8             12      0.14%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             3      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     91399492                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     91399491                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7074304                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7074304                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       696094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     60709478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     61405572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    135097749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    135097749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       444270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       444270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total     196947591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1392188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     93284596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     94676784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port    270195496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total    270195496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       238317                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       238317                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      365110597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  45699746000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  97200020800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7074304000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4881985800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     35791145                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     62034773                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       152147                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       345739                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3574063500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  30816492600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5891000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     69147800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             35943292                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            62380512                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           222135                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail               29508                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     14885000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          222135                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                169                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        33800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3579954500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  30885640400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    174380500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       348047                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  52599669500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         62.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     98125749                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  32790934600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     30702786                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  69036430400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         82.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     67548874                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    254641600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       222135                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              67718661                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              30770735                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            344113                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles               167458527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           64145870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             64146002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     52397660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                132                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7772446                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            52397660                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     93677571                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37549119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    263522127                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     41098581                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             30770735                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts           23694707                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           7076028                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458527                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                 11748474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33375267     52.03%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23694707     36.94%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7076028     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          64146002                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       343390                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       343390    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       343390                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          723                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          723    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          723                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 16406593.406593                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 18003558.349764                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3653     43.63%     43.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          235      2.81%     46.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          300      3.58%     50.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          291      3.48%     53.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          526      6.28%     59.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          736      8.79%     68.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          811      9.69%     78.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          473      5.65%     83.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          257      3.07%     86.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          198      2.37%     89.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          223      2.66%     92.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          186      2.22%     94.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          187      2.23%     96.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          107      1.28%     97.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           56      0.67%     98.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           37      0.44%     98.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           45      0.54%     99.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           33      0.39%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07           18      0.22%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 16404778.143040      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes           1373560                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 34543.717152                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 259404.396921                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         8219     98.17%     98.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           38      0.45%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           28      0.33%     98.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           50      0.60%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           20      0.24%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.12%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 34539.895155      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2892                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       343390                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36749.385538                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32751.959862                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23108.239532                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          298      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       202353     58.93%     59.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        70280     20.47%     79.48% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        53058     15.45%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           97      0.03%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           86      0.03%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2222      0.65%     95.63% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13022      3.79%     99.43% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1967      0.57%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       343390                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          723                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          723    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          723                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       343390                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   285760.440024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24846127.776517                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          133      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            4      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            3      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       108610     31.63%     31.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        26323      7.67%     39.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          102      0.03%     39.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       131120     38.18%     77.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1351      0.39%     77.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           47      0.01%     77.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        53064     15.45%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           38      0.01%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           94      0.03%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          107      0.03%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           29      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           58      0.02%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           49      0.01%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           18      0.01%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22240      6.48%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14490860000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total        343390                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          723                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 135692358.921162                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 596003255.162042                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          187     25.86%     25.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     25.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     25.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          102     14.11%     39.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     39.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     39.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     39.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          177     24.48%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     64.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          257     35.55%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14653756000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          723                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        344113                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     285160.041905                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24820009.445525                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          507      0.15%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          286      0.08%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          329      0.10%      0.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       108610     31.56%     31.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        26334      7.65%     39.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     39.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       130955     38.06%     77.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1351      0.39%     77.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           89      0.03%     78.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        53053     15.42%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           38      0.01%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          112      0.03%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           65      0.02%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           35      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           68      0.02%     93.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           31      0.01%     93.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           18      0.01%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22232      6.46%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14490860000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          344113                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.150860                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.357934                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7109     84.91%     84.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1263     15.09%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000119                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.010929                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8371     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean    41.016484                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    45.009952                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3764     44.96%     44.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          422      5.04%     50.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          529      6.32%     56.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::48-63         1081     12.91%     69.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::64-79         1081     12.91%     82.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          418      4.99%     87.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          325      3.88%     91.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          314      3.75%     94.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          218      2.60%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::144-159           98      1.17%     98.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           61      0.73%     99.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           51      0.61%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::192-207           10      0.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.086359                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.648511                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8137     97.19%     97.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1             82      0.98%     98.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2             38      0.45%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3             28      0.33%     98.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4             44      0.53%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              6      0.07%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6             20      0.24%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              9      0.11%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             3      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     91616757                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     91616757                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7092199                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7092199                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       688226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     60853244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     61541470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    135437322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total    135437322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       439120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       439120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total     197417912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave      1376452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     93476593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     94853045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port    270874644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total    270874644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       235511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       235511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      365963200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  45808378500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  97430019200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7092199000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4895290900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     35876190                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     62192605                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       150349                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       341905                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3582601000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  30898872400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5783500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     68381000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             36026539                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            62534510                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           219560                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail               29271                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     14738500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          219560                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                324                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        65800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3588384500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  30967253400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    172418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       344113                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  52728159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         63.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     98364843                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  32864718400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     30770735                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  69208883200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         82.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     67718661                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    251708500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       219560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access              68258113                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access              30987339                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            332323                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles               167458527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts           64648711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps             64648871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     52791202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7841471                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            52791202                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads     94351147                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes     37815853                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    265507236                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     41437844                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs             30987340                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts           23853542                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts           7133798                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles         167458527                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                 11857829                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         33661531     52.07%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead        23853542     36.90%     88.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        7133798     11.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total          64648871                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       331526                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       331526    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       331526                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          797                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          797    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          797                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 15837553.750597                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 17850086.886392                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3763     44.95%     44.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          254      3.03%     47.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          297      3.55%     51.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          303      3.62%     55.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          511      6.10%     61.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          736      8.79%     70.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          834      9.96%     80.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          398      4.75%     84.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          224      2.68%     87.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          167      1.99%     89.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          247      2.95%     92.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          193      2.31%     94.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          181      2.16%     96.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07           78      0.93%     97.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           47      0.56%     98.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           42      0.50%     98.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           42      0.50%     99.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07           31      0.37%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07           22      0.26%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 15837999.005939      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes           1326104                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 38079.311992                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 284245.741464                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         8215     98.12%     98.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           40      0.48%     98.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           19      0.23%     98.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           55      0.66%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           22      0.26%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.02%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            8      0.10%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            5      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 38075.098809      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3188                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       331526                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36333.744563                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32355.713663                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23029.364856                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          657      0.20%      0.20% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       199345     60.13%     60.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        67950     20.50%     80.82% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        46861     14.13%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          111      0.03%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          106      0.03%     95.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2223      0.67%     95.69% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12294      3.71%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1969      0.59%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       331526                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          797                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          797    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          797                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       331526                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   296015.030495                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  25246614.505359                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          436      0.13%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           11      0.00%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            7      0.00%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       108600     32.76%     32.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        25610      7.72%     40.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          132      0.04%     40.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       126727     38.23%     78.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         1326      0.40%     79.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           52      0.02%     79.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        46889     14.14%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           30      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          106      0.03%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          107      0.03%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           37      0.01%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           54      0.02%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           60      0.02%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21313      6.43%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14465987000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total        331526                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          797                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 123071217.063990                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 565617176.082196                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          229     28.73%     28.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          132     16.56%     45.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     45.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     45.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     45.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          155     19.45%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     64.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          281     35.26%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14554627500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          797                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        332323                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     295305.106779                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    25216316.183627                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          894      0.27%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          304      0.09%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          327      0.10%      0.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       108600     32.68%     33.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        25616      7.71%     40.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     40.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       126577     38.09%     78.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         1326      0.40%     79.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          100      0.03%     79.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        46883     14.11%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           30      0.01%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          131      0.04%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           60      0.02%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           40      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           63      0.02%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           35      0.01%     93.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           29      0.01%     93.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21308      6.41%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14465987000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          332323                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.143574                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.350678                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7170     85.64%     85.64% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1202     14.36%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8372    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean    39.593765                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    44.624894                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0-15         3879     46.33%     46.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          441      5.27%     51.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          529      6.32%     57.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::48-63         1080     12.90%     70.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::64-79         1044     12.47%     83.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          365      4.36%     87.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          314      3.75%     91.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          308      3.68%     95.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          205      2.45%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::144-159           76      0.91%     98.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           62      0.74%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::176-191           57      0.68%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::192-207           12      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.095198                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.710614                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8119     96.98%     96.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1             96      1.15%     98.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2             40      0.48%     98.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3             19      0.23%     98.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4             51      0.61%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.05%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6             22      0.26%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.02%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              8      0.10%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             3      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             4      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     92305123                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     92305124                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      7149419                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      7149419                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave       664646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     61310033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     61974679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    136516224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    136516224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       418182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       418182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total     198909085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1329292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     94085754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     95415046                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port    273032448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total    273032448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       224502                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       224502                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total      368671996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  46152561500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  98158689200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   7149419000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   4937688900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     36146813                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     62691710                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       145327                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       330073                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3609494500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  31160762500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5580000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     66014600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq             36292140                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp            63021783                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           209091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail               27819                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     13963500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          209091                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                187                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        37400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   3615074500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  31226777100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    166560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       332323                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  53135420500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         63.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     99122219                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  33099525200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         39.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     30987340                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  69757334400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         83.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     68258112                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    239518500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       209091                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       401                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8102.674349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       26768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     66.753117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4752.931258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   110.936848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data    39.672441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     1.999898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    19.148700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    22.864500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst           55                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    14.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           25                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   555.419184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  2466.701476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.580192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.013542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.004843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.002337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.002791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.006714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.003052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.067800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.301111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988525                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     62706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    62706                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          1282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         1376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1036                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         1282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 45                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15655500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4908500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       269500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5682500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        32600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       718500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1045000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       635000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1328500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       249000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2212500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15655500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5543500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       269500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3724500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5682500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         34812500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     15655500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5543500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       269500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3724500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5682500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        34812500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                5796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               51                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.092988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.027937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.017699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.020794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.013323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.109453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.043823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.903226                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.882353                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.208333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.323529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.133333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.246575                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.092988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.017699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.020794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.109453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.084034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.046345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.092988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.017699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.020794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.109453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.084034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.046345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128323.770492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125858.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       134750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       122500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 140941.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129147.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128346.456693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25660.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27928.571429                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13100                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23222.222222                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         8125                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       127000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120772.727273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122916.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128323.770492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125988.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       134750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       122500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 133017.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129147.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127987.132353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128323.770492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125988.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       134750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       122500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 133017.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129147.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127987.132353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  215                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       215                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            45                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     14243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4442500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5198500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1519500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       379500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       542500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2441500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       435500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       379000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       814500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       580000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1207500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       227000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2014500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     14243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5022500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3416500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5198500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     14243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5022500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      1359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3416500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5198500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  23943168890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  23975310892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  47918559782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   1918320991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   1919586487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        74500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3837981978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  25861489881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  25894897379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       154500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51756541760                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.092226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.027221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.013323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.109453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.041753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.903226                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.208333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.323529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.092226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.109453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.084034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.044301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.092226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.017699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.021374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.109453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.084034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.044301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117710.743802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116907.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       123750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129941.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118147.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118200.413223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54267.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54214.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54255.555556                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54437.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54142.857143                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54300                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       116000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 109772.727273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111916.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117710.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116802.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       123750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 122017.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118147.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117765.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117710.743802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116802.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       123750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 122017.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118147.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117765.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       2390                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       399198                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.053658                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.001168                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      3.698627                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         399114     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           84      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        399198                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32043                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.258965                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.582669                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     8.507892                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32008     99.89%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           35      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32043                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     5008480.649785                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    7037858.253496                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         8361     99.87%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            3      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        5023548.278174      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    420618                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    849199.713330                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2534238.243273                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         8351     99.75%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           17      0.20%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       864500.612355      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  72384                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          399198                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11377.917224                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11362.847195                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       1367.681162                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383          399114     99.98%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           76      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            399198                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          32009                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11536.183573                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11532.614454                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       289.842636                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30758     96.09%     96.09% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1251      3.91%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            32009                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              399198                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           209677.318023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          92414.618551                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows            399196    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             94000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value           9512000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                399198                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             32043                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         2612093.686609                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        4331268.652271                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           32043    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          126000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        86297000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               32043                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                431241                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             194096.389258                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            41147.071932                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows              431239    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               94000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value             9512000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  431241                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.055065                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.228120                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             7911     94.49%     94.49% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              461      5.51%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.005614                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.074720                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            8325     99.44%     99.44% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              47      0.56%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            47.678571                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            3.267840                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-3                     2      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-7                     2      0.02%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-11                    1      0.01%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-15                   1      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-19                   2      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-23                   6      0.07%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-27                   7      0.08%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-31                   5      0.06%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-35                   4      0.05%      0.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-39                   6      0.07%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-43                 612      7.31%      7.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::44-47                3189     38.09%     45.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-51                3633     43.39%     89.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::52-55                 902     10.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            3.826445                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           2.710735                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   1277     15.25%     15.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                    766      9.15%     24.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    937     11.19%     35.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    982     11.73%     47.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    992     11.85%     59.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    973     11.62%     70.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    893     10.67%     81.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                    692      8.27%     89.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                    468      5.59%     95.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                    284      3.39%     98.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                    81      0.97%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                    21      0.25%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     5      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       399405                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.038945                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000847                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      3.151126                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         399344     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           61      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        399405                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31836                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.466359                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.593565                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    11.106796                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31776     99.81%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           60      0.19%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31836                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     4925621.118012                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    5090556.071020                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         8362     99.88%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            2      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        4955973.338067      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    414960                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    931724.796942                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   4066724.772538                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         8341     99.63%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           22      0.26%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.05%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       937772.485376      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  78519                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          399405                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11372.208660                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11361.465260                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       1090.096497                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       399344     99.98%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           58      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            399405                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          31775                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11536.525570                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11532.906274                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       291.939102                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30483     95.93%     95.93% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1291      4.06%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            31775                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              399405                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           209598.918391                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          95387.843856                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows            399405    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            108000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          10730000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                399405                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             31836                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         2630028.772459                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        4379623.979251                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31836    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          108000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        68018000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               31836                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                431241                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             194159.636955                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            56709.357596                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows              431241    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              103000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            24307000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  431241                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.050287                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.218549                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             7951     94.97%     94.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              421      5.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.003822                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.061710                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            8340     99.62%     99.62% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              32      0.38%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            47.702819                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            3.295516                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-3                     3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-7                     2      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-11                    0      0.00%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-15                   1      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-19                   1      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-23                   9      0.11%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-27                   7      0.08%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-31                   3      0.04%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-35                   5      0.06%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-39                   7      0.08%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-43                 632      7.55%      8.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::44-47                3127     37.35%     45.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-51                3679     43.94%     89.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::52-55                 896     10.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            3.802078                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           2.714175                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   1264     15.10%     15.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                    813      9.71%     24.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    952     11.37%     36.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    990     11.83%     48.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    972     11.61%     59.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    982     11.73%     71.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    849     10.14%     81.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                    699      8.35%     89.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                    465      5.55%     95.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                    257      3.07%     98.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                    98      1.17%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                    26      0.31%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     5      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       399175                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.037690                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000820                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      3.099938                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         399116     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           59      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        399175                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32066                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.490925                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.591753                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    11.424074                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32002     99.80%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           64      0.20%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32066                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     4913724.319159                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    4600070.027407                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         8360     99.86%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            3      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        4947135.328934      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    414220                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    944887.720975                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   4191066.424265                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         8343     99.65%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           18      0.22%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.05%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       953955.596696      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  79874                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          399175                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11372.027306                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11361.744648                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       1050.419070                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       399116     99.99%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           55      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            399175                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          32002                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11533.785388                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11530.202356                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       290.453679                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30740     96.06%     96.06% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1262      3.94%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            32002                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              399175                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           209688.139287                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          92743.672446                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows            399173    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             94000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          10469000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                399175                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             32066                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         2610556.539637                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        4347384.581046                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           32066    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        74302000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               32066                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                431241                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             194103.065339                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            41329.870638                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows              431239    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               94000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            10093000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  431241                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.052556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.223159                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             7932     94.74%     94.74% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              440      5.26%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.004897                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.069813                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            8331     99.51%     99.51% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              41      0.49%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            47.675108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            3.280578                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-3                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-7                     1      0.01%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-11                    0      0.00%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-15                   1      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-19                   2      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-23                   6      0.07%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-27                   9      0.11%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-31                   3      0.04%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-35                   6      0.07%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-39                   4      0.05%      0.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-43                 585      6.99%      7.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::44-47                3190     38.10%     45.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-51                3701     44.21%     89.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::52-55                 860     10.27%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            3.829790                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           2.702739                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   1246     14.88%     14.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                    793      9.47%     24.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    918     10.97%     35.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                   1024     12.23%     47.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                   1001     11.96%     59.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    926     11.06%     70.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    888     10.61%     81.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                    722      8.62%     89.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                    487      5.82%     95.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                    247      2.95%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                    97      1.16%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                    19      0.23%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       399245                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.034490                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000750                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.965436                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         399191     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           54      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        399245                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31991                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.437686                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.596461                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    10.711505                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31935     99.82%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           56      0.18%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31991                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     4923781.653129                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    4922066.572782                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         8358     99.83%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            4      0.05%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.05%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        4932743.705952      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    413015                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    922157.190635                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3896180.153368                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         8343     99.65%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           21      0.25%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       931382.843638      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  77984                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          399245                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11371.181104                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11360.940220                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       1115.535877                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383          399191     99.99%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           48      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            399245                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31935                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11537.372788                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11533.763870                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       291.468939                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30659     96.00%     96.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311         1275      3.99%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31935                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              399245                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           209682.160077                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          96608.241270                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows            399241    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             94000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          14218000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                399245                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31991                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         2616336.969773                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        4309925.587477                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31991    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          104000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        74710000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31991                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                431236                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             194109.216299                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            42973.876782                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows              431232    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               94000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            10141000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  431236                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.055184                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.228353                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             7910     94.48%     94.48% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              462      5.52%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.003822                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.061710                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            8340     99.62%     99.62% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              32      0.38%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            47.684305                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            3.292143                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-3                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-7                     1      0.01%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-11                    0      0.00%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-15                   1      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-19                   1      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-23                  12      0.14%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-27                   3      0.04%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-31                   3      0.04%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-35                   7      0.08%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-39                   3      0.04%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-43                 610      7.29%      7.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::44-47                3156     37.70%     45.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-51                3726     44.51%     89.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::52-55                 845     10.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            3.819995                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           2.720521                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   1231     14.70%     14.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                    834      9.96%     24.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    936     11.18%     35.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                   1040     12.42%     48.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    956     11.42%     59.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                    946     11.30%     70.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                    842     10.06%     81.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                    706      8.43%     89.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                    498      5.95%     95.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                    246      2.94%     98.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                   105      1.25%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                    26      0.31%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     5      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      1597023                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.041195                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000896                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       3.240854                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         1596765     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          258      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        1597023                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127936                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.413402                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.591098                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     10.499242                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127721     99.83%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          215      0.17%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127936                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      19771607.740086                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     20060641.910461                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         8358     99.83%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            2      0.02%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             8372                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         19859400.651127      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    1662813                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3647969.421882                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    11952485.949689                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         8357     99.82%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            3      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            8372                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        3687611.538064      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  308761                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          1597023                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20023.428905                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20014.355020                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        1154.738756                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      1596762     99.98%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            3      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          239      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            1597023                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127721                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20046.253161                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20045.167931                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        213.715243                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479       121246     94.93%     94.93% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         6470      5.07%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            2      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127721                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              1597023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            52414.395409                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           37579.367573                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                 83990      5.26%      5.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000             73911      4.63%      9.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            72571      4.54%     14.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            76774      4.81%     19.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            75696      4.74%     23.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            76979      4.82%     28.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            80856      5.06%     33.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            76583      4.80%     38.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            78112      4.89%     43.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            77981      4.88%     48.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            77157      4.83%     53.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            77710      4.87%     58.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            80063      5.01%     63.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            74635      4.67%     67.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            76951      4.82%     72.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            77734      4.87%     77.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            72509      4.54%     82.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            73762      4.62%     86.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           207176     12.97%     99.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000             196      0.01%     99.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               5677      0.36%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            9460500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                1597023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127936                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          654462.106053                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         1045689.160263                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 646      0.50%      0.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             609      0.48%      0.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            592      0.46%      1.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            576      0.45%      1.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            642      0.50%      2.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            630      0.49%      2.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            593      0.46%      3.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            570      0.45%      3.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            621      0.49%      4.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            625      0.49%      4.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            670      0.52%      5.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            611      0.48%      5.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            559      0.44%      6.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            581      0.45%      6.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            624      0.49%      7.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            609      0.48%      7.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            609      0.48%      8.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            565      0.44%      8.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            537      0.42%      8.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         38529     30.12%     39.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            77938     60.92%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         24193500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127936                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                1724959                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              48539.857469                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             36881.050826                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                   97144      5.63%      5.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000               86514      5.02%     10.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000              84708      4.91%     15.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000              89198      5.17%     20.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000              88173      5.11%     25.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000              89685      5.20%     31.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000              93681      5.43%     36.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              89314      5.18%     41.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000              90777      5.26%     46.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              90686      5.26%     52.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              89818      5.21%     57.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              90505      5.25%     62.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              92686      5.37%     68.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              87224      5.06%     73.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000              89562      5.19%     78.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000              90212      5.23%     83.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000              84809      4.92%     88.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000              88092      5.11%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000             106745      6.19%     99.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              1953      0.11%     99.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                 3473      0.20%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             22398500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  1724959                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.385690                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.557055                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              5450     65.10%     65.10% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2615     31.24%     96.33% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               307      3.67%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          8372                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.033564                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.180777                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             8092     96.66%     96.66% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              279      3.33%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8372                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            190.740803                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             7.657489                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-15                     3      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-31                    2      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-47                    0      0.00%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-63                    1      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-79                    1      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-95                   12      0.14%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-111                   3      0.04%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-127                  6      0.07%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-143                  4      0.05%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-159                  0      0.00%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-175                  2      0.02%      0.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::176-191               4039     48.24%     48.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-207               4299     51.35%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::208-223                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-239                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::240-255                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-271                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::272-287                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-303                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::304-319                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            15.278309                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.434951                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                     2      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                     1      0.01%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                     1      0.01%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    20      0.24%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                   150      1.79%      2.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                 121      1.45%      3.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                1662     19.85%     23.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                2961     35.37%     58.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                1291     15.42%     74.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                2060     24.61%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                  92      1.10%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   8      0.10%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                8372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9008210                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        56                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3708029                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9008266                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3708039                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12716239                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             66                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12716305                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    33802326                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                33802330                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         33802326                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     33802330                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       167313419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30096288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31846715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30734122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1797712                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       962641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30734122                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           48264863                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          25107969                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           122424056                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           11814275                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12718207                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    9008678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3709529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              144984.264816                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              167168434.735184                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999133                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000867                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2801348                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 19129550     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1112      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 9008678     28.29%     88.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3709529     11.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  31848877                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1312                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           33870216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         25815.713415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         67605964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        67605964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     33801014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33801014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     33801014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        33801014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     33801014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       33801014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     34922992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34922992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     34922992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34922992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     34922992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34922992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     33802326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33802326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     33802326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     33802326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     33802326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     33802326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26618.134146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26618.134146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26618.134146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26618.134146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 26618.134146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26618.134146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     32291008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32291008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     32291008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32291008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     32291008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32291008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24612.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24612.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24612.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24612.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24612.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24612.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               131                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             1495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          252.524230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1769479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1183.597993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   252.524230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.986423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23711546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23711546                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      8206328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8206328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3641770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3641770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          153                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          153                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1360                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1360                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     11848098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11848098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     11848251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11848251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          501                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          501                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          2494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         2544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         2544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     26333484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26333484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5282499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5282499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2997500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2997500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     14344500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     14344500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     31615983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31615983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     31615983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31615983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8208277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8208277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3642315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3642315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          203                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11850592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11850592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     11850795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11850795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.246305                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.246305                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.267914                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.267914                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.269995                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.269995                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13511.279631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13511.279631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9692.658716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9692.658716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  5983.033932                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5983.033932                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28517.892644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28517.892644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12676.817562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12676.817562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12427.666274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12427.666274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          453                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     22419516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22419516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4192499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4192499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1053500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1053500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1044000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1044000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13338500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13338500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     26612015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26612015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     27665515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27665515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  33522041502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  33522041502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   2656047001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2656047001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  36178088503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  36178088503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.246305                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246305                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.242246                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242246                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.269995                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269995                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11503.086711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11503.086711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7692.658716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7692.658716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        21070                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        21070                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2304.635762                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2304.635762                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26517.892644                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26517.892644                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10670.414996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10670.414996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10874.809355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10874.809355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1487                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     9017560                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        56                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3711491                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 9017616                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3711501                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         12729051                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             66                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     12729117                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    33840054                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                33840059                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         33840054                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     33840059                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       167458528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30128608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     31880163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             30766081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1799815                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       963087                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    30766081                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           48312219                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          25134757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           122550673                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           11827204                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     12730624                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    9017899                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3712725                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                  0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              167458527.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2804075                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 19150162     60.07%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    1110      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 9017899     28.29%     88.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3712725     11.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  31881902                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1058                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           33848296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         31992.718336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         67681166                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        67681166                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     33838996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33838996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     33838996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        33838996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     33838996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       33838996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18865487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18865487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18865487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18865487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     18865487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18865487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     33840054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33840054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     33840054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     33840054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     33840054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     33840054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17831.273157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17831.273157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17831.273157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17831.273157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17831.273157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17831.273157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16736513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16736513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16736513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16736513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     16736513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16736513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15819.010397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15819.010397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15819.010397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15819.010397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15819.010397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15819.010397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               104                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          247.675050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1713105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1236.898917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   247.675050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.967481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23734871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23734871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      8214693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8214693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3645174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3645174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1421                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1421                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1405                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1405                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     11859867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11859867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     11859953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11859953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          490                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          490                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          503                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     22448484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22448484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4520500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4520500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2507500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2507500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     14455000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     14455000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     26968984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     26968984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     26968984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     26968984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8216583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8216583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3645695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3645695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          127                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11862278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11862278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     11862405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11862405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.322835                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.322835                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.256410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.256410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.263627                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.263627                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11877.504762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11877.504762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8676.583493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8676.583493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5117.346939                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5117.346939                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28737.574553                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28737.574553                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11185.808378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11185.808378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10998.769984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10998.769984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          450                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     18652516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18652516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3478500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3478500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       692500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       692500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       918000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       918000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13449000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13449000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     22131016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22131016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     22823516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22823516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  33568446513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  33568446513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   2658054002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2658054002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  36226500515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  36226500515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.322835                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322835                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.235479                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235479                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.263627                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263627                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9869.056085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9869.056085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6676.583493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6676.583493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16890.243902                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16890.243902                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         2040                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2040                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26737.574553                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26737.574553                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9179.185400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9179.185400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9308.122349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9308.122349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              1688                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.071268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   209.071268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.816685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.816685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          208.071483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   208.071483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.812779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.812779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.691406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.691406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.691406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        3861                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3343                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    3863                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3343                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             7204                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         7206                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       17512                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   17512                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            17512                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        17512                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       167458839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      17269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        20630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                19080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1218                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       19080                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              34067                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             12984                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               75882                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               7529                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         7871                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4000                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3871                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              167352657.800804                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              106181.199196                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000634                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999366                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             3295                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    13408     62.76%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      74      0.35%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.05%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4000     18.72%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3871     18.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     21363                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              32981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            82.042289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            35426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           35426                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           17110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          17110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11421998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11421998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11421998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11421998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11421998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11421998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        17512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        17512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        17512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        17512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        17512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 28412.930348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28412.930348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 28412.930348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28412.930348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 28412.930348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28412.930348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10616002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10616002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10616002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10616002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10616002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10616002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 26407.965174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26407.965174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 26407.965174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26407.965174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 26407.965174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26407.965174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                34                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          231.910812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.358974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   231.910812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.905902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            14605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           14605                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         6772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            6772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         6815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           6815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           44                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3260499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3260499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1314000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1314000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       388500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       388500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       213500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       213500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4574499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4574499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4574499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4574499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           75                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.188679                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.188679                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.173333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.173333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.150685                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.150685                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18113.883333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18113.883333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29863.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29863.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29884.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29884.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19409.090909                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19409.090909                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20421.870536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20421.870536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19549.141026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19549.141026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2899501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2899501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       333500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       333500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        49000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        49000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       191500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       191500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4125501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4125501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4459001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4459001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       237000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       237000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013468                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013468                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.188679                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188679                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.150685                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150685                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16108.338889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16108.338889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27863.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27863.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        33350                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        33350                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        12250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17409.090909                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17409.090909                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18417.415179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18417.415179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19055.559829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19055.559829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                32                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 83729264000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -69179443.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       69516316.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -4289568192.000001
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       4960800633.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -46668672.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       46895928.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -2893756320.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       3346571856.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -264981849.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       266020185.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3283977216.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       4636134297.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -116932377.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       117658967.040000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -3589387084.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       3590913669.120000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -653952473149.439941
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       700110708203.519897
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -653952473149.439941
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       700110708203.519897
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -190626240182.400024
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       204030565090.559967
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -268800134460.480011
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       304489741014.720032
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2110369584480.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2259371290560.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2041795993008.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2171249206416.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.083729
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       502230786.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       1339668223.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       167497642.069620
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       61519283.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       420374985.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       5608718.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       94319371.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       18030577.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       190039356.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       7426125.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       56784653.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       60242165.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       514692024.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       96611149.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       751465126.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       50255710.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       301201072.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       3598745.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1166.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       61519283.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       420374985.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       67659901.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       9.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       67659892.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       2772.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       16428589.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       7291277.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       25452628.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       134.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4019.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1110.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       6911689
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       258.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       2711616.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       215.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6207.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       552.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       1109842.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1802.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1602014.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       1439.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       473.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       1597007.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127721.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       418186.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       409700.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       449552.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       440614.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       429348.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       444270.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       439120.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       418182.000000
