sim_seconds                                  0.053106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53105767000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4211239519500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                9296673                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 10460551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              703179687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   702106164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     790005089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1036544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1042432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1057792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1004800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4185856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       148992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        148992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         3925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             16351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       347081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19518483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       154258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19629356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       149438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19918590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       110873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     18920732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        62667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            78821119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       347081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       154258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       149438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       110873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        62667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         824317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       2805571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            2805571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       2805571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       347081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19518483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       154258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19629356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       149438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19918590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       110873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     18920732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        62667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           81626690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     16351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  130808                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4178624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  7232                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                148736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4185856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             148992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  226                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           16448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           14937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           16147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           17992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           17425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           15985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           15312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           16336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 53117865000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              130808                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 16089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 16091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 16100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 16114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 16132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 16151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 16168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 16174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                   238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                  222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                  208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                  190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                  171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                  154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                  148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        17259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.730633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.587628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.732592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          248      1.44%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           55      0.32%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           48      0.28%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.06%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           48      0.28%      2.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           55      0.32%      2.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      1.40%      4.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16553     95.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        17259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   668.215385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   356.153163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   615.021972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           28     14.36%     14.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           24     12.31%     26.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.67%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.59%     36.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.05%     38.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.56%     41.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.08%     44.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      1.03%     45.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.10%     49.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      4.10%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.59%     57.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.59%     61.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           16      8.21%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.08%     72.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.56%     74.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.56%     77.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.56%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      3.59%     83.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.03%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.51%     85.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.51%     85.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.54%     87.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.54%     88.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.03%     89.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.51%     90.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     90.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            5      2.56%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.54%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.03%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            3      1.54%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.51%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.51%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.51%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.835897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.803419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.104696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.54%      1.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.51%      2.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.51%      2.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            190     97.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3848945783                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6062310683                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                417862400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29475.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46425.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      78.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       2.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   78.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    2.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 114096                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3875                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  3136943.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47111159407                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1328435034                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0              12346992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1              13226976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          13122345.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3              12655440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               8329320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               8922960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               8852376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               8537400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         64379827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         69722764.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         67940620.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         64760217.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        10507345.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        10676966.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        11064729.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        10862346.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      6260135388.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      6267524558.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      6270245400.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      6268401063.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      68276558784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      68270077056.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       68267690352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       68269308192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        95812890660.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        95820784284.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        95819548827.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        95815157662.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.930550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.936970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.935965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.932394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1099008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1084416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1068032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1069824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4381952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       151808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        151808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             17117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       535083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20694702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       183182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20419929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       163899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20111413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       188002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     20145157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        14462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            82513675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       535083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       183182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       163899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       188002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total        1128013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       2858597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            2858597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       2858597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       535083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20694702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       183182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20419929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       163899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20111413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       188002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     20145157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        14462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           85372272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     17117                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      593                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  136936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4375232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                152320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4381952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             151808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  210                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15268                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           16000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           16409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           17312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           17824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           16384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           18482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           17096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           17219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 53118358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              136936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                   235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                   222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                  208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                  190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                  177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                  162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                  150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                  129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        18046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.889505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.785854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.441154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          261      1.45%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59      0.33%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           37      0.21%      1.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.04%      2.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           37      0.21%      2.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           59      0.33%      2.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          255      1.41%      3.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17330     96.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        18046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   686.390000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   373.434191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   613.673278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24     12.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     14.50%     26.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.00%     31.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.50%     34.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      4.00%     38.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.50%     41.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.00%     43.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.00%     46.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.50%     51.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.50%     54.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.50%     57.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.00%     63.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            9      4.50%     67.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.50%     69.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.50%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      3.00%     75.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.50%     78.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.50%     83.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            7      3.50%     87.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.50%     88.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.00%     89.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.00%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.00%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.50%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.50%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            3      1.50%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.50%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.50%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.800000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.755821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.348738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.50%      1.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.00%      2.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.50%      3.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.50%      3.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.00%      4.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            190     95.00%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 4017997174                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            6335502874                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                437523200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   29387.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              46337.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      82.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   82.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    2.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 119481                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3959                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  2999342.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47051480814                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1388113627                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          12606451.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          13664851.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          13483411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          13258425.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               8504352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               9218352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               9095952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               8944176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         65800550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         72611635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         70285363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         68207193.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        10832486.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        10623467.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        10965611.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        11098321.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      6262172012.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      6271238459.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      6273015710.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      6273852269.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       68274772272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       68266819248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      68265260256.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       68264526432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        95815321127.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        95824809016.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        95822739307.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        95820519821.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.932527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.940244                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.938560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.936755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           19                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           19                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           19                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           19                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1124096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1071104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1074944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1081600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4398336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        45312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       162304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        162304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             17181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              634                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       342260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     21167117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       188002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20169260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       139796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20241568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       134976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     20366903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        48206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        24103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            82822191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       342260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       188002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       139796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       134976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         853241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       3056241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            3056241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       3056241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       342260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     21167117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       188002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20169260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       139796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20241568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       134976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     20366903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        48206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        24103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           85878432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     17181                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      634                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  137448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4393216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  5120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                162304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4398336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             162304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15022                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           17425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           17976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           16162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           17346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           17200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           18138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           16544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           16497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 53087625000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              137448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 16867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 16876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 16889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 16903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 16912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 16936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 16958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 16970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                   290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                   273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                  260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                  246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                  237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                  213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                  191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                  179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        18171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.702768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.354563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.079834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          279      1.54%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60      0.33%      1.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           33      0.18%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.06%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           33      0.18%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.34%      2.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          265      1.46%      4.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17429     95.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        18171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   641.308411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   334.974629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   620.895104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           36     16.82%     16.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           24     11.21%     28.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      6.54%     34.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.34%     36.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.74%     40.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.27%     43.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.21%     48.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.34%     50.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.40%     51.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.74%     55.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           14      6.54%     62.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.21%     66.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.80%     69.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.87%     71.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.27%     74.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.80%     77.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      2.80%     79.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.93%     80.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.80%     83.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.34%     85.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.40%     87.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.93%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.87%     90.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.47%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.93%     91.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.40%     92.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.93%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.47%     94.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.93%     95.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.93%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.40%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.47%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.47%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            2      0.93%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.700935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.646403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.438668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      2.80%      2.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.47%      3.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.47%      3.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.47%      4.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.47%      4.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.47%      5.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            202     94.39%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 4036256214                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            6363287814                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                439321600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29399.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46349.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      82.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       3.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   82.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    3.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 119967                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4222                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  2979939.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47045389449                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1394204992                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          13398134.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          13409020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          13742870.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          13666665.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               9038424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               9045768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               9270984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               9219576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         71199398.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         70463577.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         71897779.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         70136102.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        10736686.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        10845757.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        10938654.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        11539169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0        6266036448                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1        6270281352                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      6274186608.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      6278394850.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      68271382416.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      68267658816.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       68264233152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       68260541712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        95822424509.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        95822337294.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        95824903052.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        95824131078.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.938304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.938233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.940320                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.939692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1058304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1125120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1056256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1087744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4363264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       182272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        182272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       279593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19928231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       101232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     21186400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        81950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19889667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       130155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     20482597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        14462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            82161774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       279593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       101232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        81950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       130155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         631495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       3432245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            3432245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       3432245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       279593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19928231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       101232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     21186400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        81950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19889667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       130155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     20482597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        14462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           85594018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17044                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      712                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  136352                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4352992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                 10272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                182336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4363264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             182272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  321                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                  14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3743                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           17080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           18817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           15226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           17416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           15634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           18234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           17176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           16448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 53116277000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              136352                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 16741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 16748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 16766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 16778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 16787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 16809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 16824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 16832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                  209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                  187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                  172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                  165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.114598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.226012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.675535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          305      1.68%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72      0.40%      2.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.22%      2.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.22%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           75      0.41%      2.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          290      1.60%      4.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17309     95.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   575.527197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   311.244676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   559.156994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           38     15.90%     15.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     10.88%     26.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           16      6.69%     33.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      2.93%     36.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.35%     39.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      4.60%     44.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           18      7.53%     51.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      4.18%     56.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      3.77%     59.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.18%     64.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      3.77%     67.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      2.93%     70.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      2.93%     73.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      3.35%     76.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      4.18%     81.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.67%     82.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.84%     83.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.51%     86.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.26%     87.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.67%     89.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.26%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.42%     90.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.84%     91.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.84%     92.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.84%     93.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.84%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.42%     94.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.42%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.26%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.84%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.84%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.42%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.841004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.797678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.322015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.67%      1.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.42%      2.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.42%      2.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.84%      3.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.84%      4.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            224     93.72%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25              3      1.26%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.42%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 4032660076                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6338385526                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                435299200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29645.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46595.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      81.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       3.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   82.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    3.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 118846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4750                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  2991455.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47040254751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1399339690                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          13918262.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          13506998.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          13670899.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3              13662432                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               9389304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               9111864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               9222432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               9216720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         73823692.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         70216972.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         70465075.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3             69873024                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        11224396.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        11436733.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        11493135.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        11791733.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      6269960692.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      6271327215.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      6276111603.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      6277988445.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      68267940096.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       68266741392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       68262544560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       68260898208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        95826889447.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        95822974178.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        95824140708.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        95824063565.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.941936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.938751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.939700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.939637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1030144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1015808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1031168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1025536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4150784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        47616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       152832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        152832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             16214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       424210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19397969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       125335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19128017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       149438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19417251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     19311198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            78160701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       424210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       125335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       149438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         896626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       2877880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            2877880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       2877880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       424210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19397969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       125335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19128017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       149438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19417251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     19311198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           81038581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     16214                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  129712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   4776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4145280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  5504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                153088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4150784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             152832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         7307                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           17130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           16576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           13080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           16832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           15368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           15576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           17976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           17002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 53138974000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              129712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               4776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 15958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 15971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 15975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 15982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 15985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 15998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 16012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 16023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                  208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                  205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                  192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                  177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                  166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        17130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.926328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.861284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.337450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          245      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.33%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           36      0.21%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           36      0.21%      2.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           57      0.33%      2.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          237      1.38%      3.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16457     96.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        17130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   656.020000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   347.523056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   661.980924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           53     26.50%     26.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      7.50%     34.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           21     10.50%     44.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      6.50%     51.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           16      8.00%     59.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           15      7.50%     66.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      4.50%     71.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           11      5.50%     76.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      4.00%     80.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            9      4.50%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            6      3.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      2.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            6      3.00%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.50%     93.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      1.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      1.50%     96.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.50%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      1.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.50%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.50%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4223            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.920000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.895548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.029026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.50%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.50%      1.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.50%      1.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.50%      2.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.50%      2.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     97.00%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 3812806590                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            6008509590                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                414528000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29433.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46383.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      78.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   78.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 113211                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3983                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  3160964.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47119046157                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1320813121                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          12831436.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          12220588.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          12822364.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          13569292.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               8656128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1          8244048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               8650008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               9153888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         67562726.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1             63218688                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         66274790.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         69841574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        10640471.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        10484121.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        10932433.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        11320197.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      6261054848.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      6260932056.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      6267814464.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      6277628496.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       68275752240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       68275859952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       68269822752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       68261213952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        95817130853.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        95811592458.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        95816949816.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        95823360404.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.933999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.929494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.933851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.939065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1037824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1020160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1036800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1065472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4216576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        55808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       180992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        180992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             16471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       424210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19542586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       265131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19209966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       130155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19523303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       192823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     20063207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            79399588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       424210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       265131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       130155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       192823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total        1050884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       3408142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            3408142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       3408142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       424210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19542586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       265131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19209966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       130155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19523303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       192823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     20063207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           82807730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     16471                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      707                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  131768                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4209088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  7488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                180480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4216576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             180992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3730                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           16208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           18305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           14746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           17192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           16080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           17048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           16360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           15595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 53126082000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              131768                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 16180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 16193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 16209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 16220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 16237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 16248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 16258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 16271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                  217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                  207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                  190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                  179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                  169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                  156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        17556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.032354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.197252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.707138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          290      1.65%      1.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61      0.35%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           55      0.31%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.06%      2.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           54      0.31%      2.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.35%      3.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          279      1.59%      4.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16746     95.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        17556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   551.755274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   316.507229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   494.750715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32     13.50%     13.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     12.24%     25.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      5.49%     31.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           12      5.06%     36.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.53%     38.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           13      5.49%     44.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           13      5.49%     49.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           14      5.91%     55.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      5.06%     60.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.22%     64.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.11%     67.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           17      7.17%     74.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.42%     74.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.11%     76.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.38%     80.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      3.80%     83.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.11%     86.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.27%     87.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.11%     89.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.84%     90.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.69%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      2.53%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.42%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.42%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.84%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.84%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.84%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.42%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.797468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.747454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.461771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.27%      1.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.42%      1.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.84%      2.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      1.69%      4.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.84%      5.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.42%      5.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            222     93.67%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 3892158860                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6121660160                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                420908800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29590.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46540.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      79.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       3.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   79.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    3.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 114926                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4692                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              82.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  3092681.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47079772109                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1359822332                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          13210041.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          12720758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          13220323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          13153795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               8911536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               8581464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               8918472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               8873592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         69749222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         66249830.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2             67791360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3             67124928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        10825850.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        10832901.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        11316879.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3            11446272                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      6266223535.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      6264312166.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      6272747746.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      6271537887.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      68271218304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      68272894944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       68265495312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       68266556592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        95820771493.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        95816225066.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2         95820123096                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        95819326069.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.936960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.933262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.936432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.935784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1044992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1049600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1071616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1043456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4267776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       155904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        155904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             16671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       462775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19677562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       154258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19764332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       101232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20178901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       110873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       178361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     19648638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        33744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        28923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            80363701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       462775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       154258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       101232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       178361                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        33744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         930370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       2935726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            2935726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       2935726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       462775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19677562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       154258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19764332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       101232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20178901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       110873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       178361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     19648638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        33744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        28923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           83299428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     16671                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      609                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  133368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   4872                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4263264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  4512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                155392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4267776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             155904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         5173                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           17616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           17933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           16714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           17429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           15985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           13746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           16059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           17745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 53111969000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              133368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               4872                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 16427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 16440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 16454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 16462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 16473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 16486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 16490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 16502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                   230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                   210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                  196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                  187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                  176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                  162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                  158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                  146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        17625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.703887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.557537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.804944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          247      1.40%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           74      0.42%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.24%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           41      0.23%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           73      0.41%      2.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      1.37%      4.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16901     95.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        17625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   647.779412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   339.712715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   614.323574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           35     17.16%     17.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     11.27%     28.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.92%     32.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      3.92%     36.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      1.96%     38.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      4.41%     42.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           13      6.37%     49.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      4.90%     53.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.45%     56.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.92%     60.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.43%     63.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      1.47%     65.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.45%     67.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.96%     69.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.47%     71.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.96%     73.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.96%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      3.92%     78.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.94%     81.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      2.94%     84.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.96%     86.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.47%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.98%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            5      2.45%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.47%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.47%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.49%     95.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.49%     95.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.49%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.49%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.49%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            3      1.47%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.49%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.803922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.778810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.002845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.98%      0.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.98%      1.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.98%      2.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.98%      3.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.98%      4.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     95.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 3915413520                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            6173611170                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                426326400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29389.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46339.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      80.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   80.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    2.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 116421                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              82.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  3073609.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47079889099                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1359705342                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          13643078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          13572316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2              12398400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3              13744080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               9203664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               9155928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               8364000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               9271800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0             71797440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         71411558.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         63453811.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         71299737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        11237667.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        10991738.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        10955243.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3            11114496                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      6269543343.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      6270380614.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      6264744454.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      6276664494.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       68268306192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      68267571744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      68272515744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       68262059568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        95824364388.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        95823716903.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        95813064655.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        95824787179.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.939882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.939355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.930691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.940226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1047296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1055232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1060352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1119488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4333312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        45056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       173568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        173568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             16927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        28923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       453133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19720947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        33744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       110873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19870384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        19282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       139796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19966796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        28923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       101232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     21080347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        43385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            81597767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       453133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       110873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       139796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       101232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        43385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         848420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       3268346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            3268346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       3268346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        28923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       453133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19720947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        33744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       110873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19870384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        19282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       139796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19966796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        28923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       101232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     21080347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        43385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           84866113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     16927                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      678                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  135416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   5424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4324672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  8640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                172832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4333312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             173568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  270                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         5347                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           16657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           17368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           14913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           16865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           16018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           15073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           18961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 53117714000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              135416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               5424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 16649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 16654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 16673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 16686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 16699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 16712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 16722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 16734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                   238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                  219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                  206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                  193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                  180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                  169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                  157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        17946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.613173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.079715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.470866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          290      1.62%      1.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           58      0.32%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           30      0.17%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      2.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           30      0.17%      2.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.33%      2.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          275      1.53%      4.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17201     95.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        17946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   592.539823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   318.575094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   566.886977                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           40     17.70%     17.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           21      9.29%     26.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      4.87%     31.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      3.98%     35.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      3.98%     39.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      3.98%     43.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           12      5.31%     49.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      4.42%     53.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      3.98%     57.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.54%     61.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      3.98%     65.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.10%     68.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           11      4.87%     73.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.65%     75.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.54%     79.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      3.54%     82.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.44%     83.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.77%     84.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.33%     86.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.77%     88.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.88%     88.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.21%     91.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.44%     91.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.88%     92.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      1.77%     94.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.88%     95.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.88%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.44%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.44%     96.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.88%     97.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.44%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.44%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.44%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.898230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.881442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.807353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.44%      0.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.44%      0.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.44%      1.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.44%      1.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.44%      2.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            220     97.35%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 3972671405                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            6263396105                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                432467200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29395.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46345.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      81.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       3.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   81.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    3.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 118098                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4503                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  3017194.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47057212197                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1382382244                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          13156819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          12714710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          13857782.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          12905222.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               8875632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               8577384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               9348504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               8705904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         69543052.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1             66326208                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2             72104448                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         66948211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        10763228.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        10650424.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        11323514.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        10567065.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      6265432995.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      6262494312.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      6276361345.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      6268984761.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       68271911760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       68274489552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       68262325488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      68268796176.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        95820316490.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        95815885594.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        95825954086.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        95817540343.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.936590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.932986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.941175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.934332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1127168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1096448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1111040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1126400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4526592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        51968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       169728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        169728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             17682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       110873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       303696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     21224964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       110873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       260311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20646496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       154258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20921268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       202464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     21210502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        33744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            85237296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       303696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       260311                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       154258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       202464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         978575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       3196037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            3196037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       3196037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       110873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       303696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     21224964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       110873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       260311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20646496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       154258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20921268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       202464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     21210502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        57847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        33744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           88433333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     17682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      663                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  141456                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5304                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4520608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  5984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                169728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4526592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             169728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         9481                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           17378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           17297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           16666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           18762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           15385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           19281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           17203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           19297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 53131761000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              141456                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5304                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 17403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 17411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 17424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 17441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 17455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 17464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 17476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 17489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                  203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                  189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                  180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                  168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                  155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        18722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.525371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.054120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.526456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          290      1.55%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.37%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.21%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.21%      2.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           71      0.38%      2.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          274      1.46%      4.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17933     95.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        18722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   635.842342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   357.887348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   602.743777                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     11.71%     11.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     12.16%     23.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      6.31%     30.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           11      4.95%     35.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.15%     38.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      4.95%     43.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      4.95%     48.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.60%     51.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.50%     56.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.05%     60.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      4.50%     64.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            4      1.80%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.70%     69.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.80%     71.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.80%     72.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           10      4.50%     77.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.25%     79.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.90%     80.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            9      4.05%     84.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.80%     86.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.35%     87.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.45%     88.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.25%     90.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.80%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.45%     92.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.35%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.45%     94.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            4      1.80%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.45%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.45%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.45%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.45%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.45%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.45%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.891892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.863623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.091732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.90%      0.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.45%      1.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.45%      1.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.45%      2.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.45%      2.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            215     96.85%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 4157566638                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            6552076188                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                452060800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29430.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46380.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      85.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       3.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   85.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    3.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 123424                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4427                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  2896252.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46999278134                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1440316307                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          13058236.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          13718678.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          13476758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          14174092.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               8809128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               9254664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               9091464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               9561888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0             69004416                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         71814412.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         70193510.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3             73699392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        10643374.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        11360010.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        10892620.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        11509309.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      6264262206.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      6272083609.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      6272611220.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      6279099534.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       68272938768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       68266077888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       68265615072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       68259923568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        95819349132.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        95824942266.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        95822513648.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        95828600787.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.935803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.940352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.938377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.943328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1074432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1059584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1017856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4319488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        41984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       175616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        175616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         3976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             16873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              686                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       366363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20231927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       173540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19952334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        91591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19166581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       120514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     21191220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            81337456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       366363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       173540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        91591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       120514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         790573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       3306910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            3306910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       3306910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       366363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20231927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       173540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19952334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        91591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19166581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       120514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     21191220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           84644366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     16873                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      686                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  134984                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   5488                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4311328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  8160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                175648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4319488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             175616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  255                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3745                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           15648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           16401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           15322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           15688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           18540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           16216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           16696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 53113703000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              134984                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               5488                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 16558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 16563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 16580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 16591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 16606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 16624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 16641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 16652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                  239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                  224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                  206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                  189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                  178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        17937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.151976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.359962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.482485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          298      1.66%      1.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.32%      1.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           51      0.28%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.07%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           50      0.28%      2.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           56      0.31%      2.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          285      1.59%      4.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17128     95.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        17937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   585.320346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   335.578703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   502.477714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           29     12.55%     12.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           41     17.75%     30.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      1.30%     31.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.30%     32.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           11      4.76%     37.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           10      4.33%     41.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      3.90%     45.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      4.76%     50.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      3.90%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.03%     57.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           12      5.19%     62.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      3.90%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      3.90%     70.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      4.33%     74.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.03%     77.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.03%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.73%     82.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.60%     85.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.30%     86.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.16%     88.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343           10      4.33%     93.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.87%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.30%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.43%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.87%     96.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.87%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.87%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.43%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.43%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.761905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.702730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.526441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      2.60%      2.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.87%      3.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.87%      4.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            219     94.81%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.43%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3991115986                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6274772536                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                431132800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29623.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46573.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      81.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       3.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   81.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    3.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 117710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4571                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  3024870.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47053465620                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1386128821                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          13286246.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          12851395.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2              13511232                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          12901593.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               8962944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               8669592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               9114720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               8703456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         70363737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         66727564.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         70332787.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         66439027.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        10756177.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        10922480.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        11158456.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        10842439.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      6266380910.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      6263701545.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      6272965149.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      6270874954.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      68271080256.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      68273430576.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       68265304608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       68267138112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        95821463275.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        95816936157.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        95823019955.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        95817532585.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.937522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.933840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.938789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.934325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1018880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1039104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1054720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1057280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4223232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        50432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       157696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        157696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             16497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       322978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19185864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       226567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19566688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       159079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19860743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        24103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       159079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     19908949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        81950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            79524922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       322978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       226567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       159079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       159079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        81950                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         949652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       2969470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            2969470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       2969470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       322978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19185864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       226567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19566688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       159079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19860743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        24103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       159079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     19908949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        81950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           82494393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     16497                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      616                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  131976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4928                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4217472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                157696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4223232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             157696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  180                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3315                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           14648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           17924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           14712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           16298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           18977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           18075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           16016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           15146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 53136272000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              131976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4928                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 16227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 16235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 16238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 16249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 16262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 16277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 16288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 16298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                   228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                  226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                  216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                  203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                  190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                  182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                  172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        17456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.639780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.180092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.347303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          275      1.58%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59      0.34%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           32      0.18%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           35      0.20%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           55      0.32%      2.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          258      1.48%      4.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16739     95.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        17456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   633.990338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   339.798737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   596.466073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           28     13.53%     13.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           31     14.98%     28.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.31%     33.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.42%     36.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.90%     39.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.90%     42.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.35%     46.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      5.31%     51.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      1.93%     53.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.83%     58.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      1.93%     60.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            4      1.93%     62.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.90%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.38%     68.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.38%     71.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           12      5.80%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.93%     79.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.38%     83.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.42%     85.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.93%     87.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.48%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.42%     90.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.97%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.42%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.45%     95.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.48%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.97%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.48%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.48%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.48%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.48%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.48%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3136-3199            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.806763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.778718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.048046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.97%      0.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.48%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.48%      1.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.97%      2.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.48%      3.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.48%      3.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            199     96.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3885279680                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            6119221880                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                421747200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29479.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46429.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      79.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       2.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   79.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    2.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 115175                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4093                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  3105023.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47089879401                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1349813877                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          12553833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1              12591936                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          13856572.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          13007433.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               8468856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               8494560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               9347688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               8774856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0             65851968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         65628326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         72795340.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         65575411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        10623467.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        10590289.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        11071779.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        11678515.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      6260881988.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      6263185700.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      6273977469.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3        6272359344                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       68275903872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       68273883072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       68264416608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      68265836016.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        95814916988.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        95815006887.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        95826098461.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        95817864578.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.932198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.932271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.941292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.934595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1104128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1116160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1099776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1128448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4490240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       157696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        157696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             17540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       308516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20791113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       192823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     21017680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        86770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20709163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       120514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     21249067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        38565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            84552776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       308516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       192823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        86770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       120514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         737547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       2969470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            2969470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       2969470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       308516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20791113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       192823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     21017680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        86770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20709163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       120514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     21249067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        38565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           87522246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     17540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      616                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  140320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   4928                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4484224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                157952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4490240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             157696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  188                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         5483                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           17392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           16720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           17777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           17330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           15321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           18752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           16553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           20287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 53113832000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              140320                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               4928                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 17238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 17246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 17261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 17281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 17291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 17306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 17322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 17331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                  222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                  212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                  196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                  180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                  171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        18549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.265567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.776142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.924289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          277      1.49%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           78      0.42%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           58      0.31%      2.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           60      0.32%      2.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           77      0.42%      3.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          265      1.43%      4.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17727     95.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        18549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   676.236715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   393.298468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   613.900775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24     11.59%     11.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22     10.63%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.83%     27.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.35%     31.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.42%     33.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.90%     36.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.38%     40.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.38%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      5.80%     49.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.83%     54.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           12      5.80%     59.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      5.31%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.90%     68.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           12      5.80%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.45%     75.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.42%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.93%     79.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.45%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      3.86%     85.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.97%     85.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.93%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.45%     89.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.97%     90.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.93%     92.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.45%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.45%     95.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.48%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.48%     96.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.48%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.48%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.48%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.48%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.48%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            2      0.97%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3648-3711            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.845411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.802686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.312844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.93%      1.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.48%      2.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.48%      2.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            200     96.62%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 4172224464                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            6547461864                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                448422400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29773.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46723.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      84.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       2.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   84.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    2.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 122415                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4104                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  2925414.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47010737948                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1428856493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0              12900384                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1              13366080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          13332211.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3              13798512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               8702640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               9016800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               8993952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               9308520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         68067916.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         70416153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         69271987.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         71707084.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        10610196.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        10802626.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        10912112.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        10993397.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0        6262386624                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      6267879308.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      6272459974.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      6278070853.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      68274584016.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       68269765872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      68265747744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       68260825920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        95817884780.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        95821879843.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2         95821350984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        95825337290.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.934612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.937861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.937431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.940673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1084160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1065216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1084160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1064704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4342272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        41216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       153856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        153856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             16962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       337440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20415109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       144617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20058387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       115694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20415109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     20048745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            81766487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       337440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       144617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       115694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         776112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       2897162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            2897162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       2897162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       337440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20415109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       144617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20058387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       115694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20415109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     20048745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        38565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           84663649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     16962                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      601                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  135696                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   4808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4336864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  5408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                153344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4342272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             153856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           18339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           15857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           17001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           17904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           15408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           17145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           16952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           16921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 53123070000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              135696                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               4808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 16691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 16696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 16707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 16724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 16737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 16761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 16776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 16794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                   256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                   244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                  233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                  216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                  203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                  179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                  164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                  146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        17929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.443862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.050327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.545629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          262      1.46%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           86      0.48%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.23%      2.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.23%      2.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           85      0.47%      2.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          254      1.42%      4.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17157     95.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        17929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   673.029851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   359.371959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   614.552853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     14.93%     14.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     12.44%     27.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.98%     31.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.48%     34.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.99%     37.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.49%     39.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.48%     42.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.98%     46.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.49%     48.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.48%     51.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      4.98%     56.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.48%     60.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           11      5.47%     65.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.49%     68.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.48%     71.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      4.48%     76.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.48%     79.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.49%     81.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.49%     83.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.50%     84.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.99%     86.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.50%     86.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      2.99%     89.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.49%     91.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.00%     92.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.49%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.50%     94.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.50%     94.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.00%     95.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.49%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.50%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.50%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.50%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            2      1.00%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.840796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.803793                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.242790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.00%      1.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.50%      1.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.50%      1.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.00%      2.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.50%      3.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.50%      3.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            192     95.52%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 3980828494                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            6278011144                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                433686400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29372.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46322.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      81.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       2.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   81.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    2.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 118401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3989                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  3024715.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47064476780                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1375550498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          12781238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          13572921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          12864700.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          13690252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               8622264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               9156336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               8678568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               9235488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         67281177.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         71798937.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         66172454.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         70904870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        10560430.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        10839121.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        10985518.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        11190804.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      6262008837.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      6270107725.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      6268654690.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      6277278781.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       68274915408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       68267811120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       68269085712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       68261520720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        95816802358.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        95823919165.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        95817074646.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3         95824453920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.933731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.939520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.933953                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.939955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1081088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1076736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1063680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1063936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4338432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       158208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        158208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             16947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       342260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20357262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       226567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20275312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       168720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20029463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       163899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     20034284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        53026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        43385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            81694178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       342260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       226567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       168720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       163899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        53026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         954473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       2979111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            2979111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       2979111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       342260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20357262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       226567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20275312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       168720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20029463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       163899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     20034284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        53026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        43385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           84673290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     16947                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  135576                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   4944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4332928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  5504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                157952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4338432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             158208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         8789                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           17088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           18368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           17616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           15977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           17201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           15969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           16137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           17048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 53087278000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              135576                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               4944                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 16654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 16667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 16676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 16688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 16697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 16707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 16724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 16742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                   239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                  231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                  220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                  212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                  202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                  185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                  167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        17905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.817090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.681100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.594981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          260      1.45%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           56      0.31%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           44      0.25%      2.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.25%      2.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           57      0.32%      2.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          251      1.40%      4.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17186     95.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        17905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   650.608696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   353.078739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   586.354027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     14.49%     14.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22     10.63%     25.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      6.76%     31.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.90%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.90%     37.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           10      4.83%     42.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.42%     44.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.86%     48.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.83%     53.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.45%     55.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.38%     58.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      2.90%     61.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           10      4.83%     66.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.38%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.38%     72.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.93%     74.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.45%     76.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      3.86%     80.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.90%     83.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.38%     86.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.97%     87.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.42%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.48%     90.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.97%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.45%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.97%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.97%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.48%     95.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.97%     96.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.97%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.97%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.48%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.48%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.845411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.819180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.002553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.97%      0.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.48%      1.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.48%      1.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.48%      2.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.48%      2.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            201     97.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 4028713192                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            6323810992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                433292800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29753.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46703.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      81.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       2.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   81.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    2.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 118325                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4110                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  3022332.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47063850578                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1375743863                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          13511836.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          13150771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          12601612.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          13506393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               9115128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               8871552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               8501088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               9111456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         71152473.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1             68749824                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         65594380.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         69398284.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        11307340.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        10852392.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        10381271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        11366645.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      6268209652.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      6267187647.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      6264864400.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      6276434834.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      68269476096.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       68270372592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       68272410528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      68262261024.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        95823405530.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        95819817782.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        95814986283.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        95822711641.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.939102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.936184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.932254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.938538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1018368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1054720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1053184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1030656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4188416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        29440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       151040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        151040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             16361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       313337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     19176222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        77129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     19860743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        43385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     19831820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        53026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     19407610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        67488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            78869325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       313337                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        77129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        43385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        53026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        67488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         554365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       2844136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2844136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       2844136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       313337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     19176222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        77129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     19860743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        43385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     19831820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        53026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     19407610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         4821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        67488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           81713461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     16361                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      590                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  130888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   4720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4182528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  5888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                151040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4188416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             151040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           16560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           16134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           16728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           15960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           17440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           15512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           16882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           15488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 53075154000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              130888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               4720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                  178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                  173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                  164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                  154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                  145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                  138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.582167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.223752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.257937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          262      1.51%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59      0.34%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.24%      2.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.05%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.25%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.35%      2.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          254      1.47%      4.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16567     95.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   666.545455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   347.965264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   625.646513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           37     18.69%     18.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19      9.60%     28.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      2.53%     30.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.02%     32.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.02%     34.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.53%     37.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      5.05%     42.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      5.56%     47.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.53%     50.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.55%     55.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.55%     59.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.04%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.03%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.02%     68.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.04%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.54%     76.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      3.03%     79.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      3.03%     82.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.02%     84.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.01%     85.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.02%     87.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.02%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.51%     89.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            5      2.53%     92.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.01%     93.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.51%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.51%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.01%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.51%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            3      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.51%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3647            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.838384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.811196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.024641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.01%      1.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.01%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.01%      3.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.01%      4.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            188     94.95%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3848325136                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            6063757936                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                418252800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29443.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46393.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      78.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       2.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   78.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 114202                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  3928                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  3131092.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47104894266                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1334134697                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0              12864096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          13086662.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          12904617.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          12914899.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               8678160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               8828304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               8705496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               8712432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         67571212.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         68461286.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         67213286.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         66440524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        10742906.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        10696458.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        10554209.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        10898841.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      6261824868.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      6267769649.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      6267324885.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      6268128065.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      68275076784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      68269862064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       68270252208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      68269547664.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        95817391031.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        95819337427.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        95817587705.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        95817275429.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.934210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.935793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.934370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.934116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1069312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1062400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1079552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1113344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4395008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        69376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       153088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        153088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             17168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              598                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       496519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     20135516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       289234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     20005360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       216926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     20328338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       255490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     20964653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        48206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        19282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            82759524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       496519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       289234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       216926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       255490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        48206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total        1306374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       2882700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            2882700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       2882700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       496519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     20135516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       289234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     20005360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       216926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     20328338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       255490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     20964653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        48206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        19282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           85642224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     17168                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      598                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  137344                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   4784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4388352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  6656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                152832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4395008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             153088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15456                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           15777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           16552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           18267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           16713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           16598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           17321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           16713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           19195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 53116978000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              137344                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               4784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 16881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 16884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 16896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 16915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 16926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 16941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 16951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 16969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                   267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                   257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                  244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                  224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                  212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                  197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                  188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                  170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        18128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.506620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.178555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.349729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          266      1.47%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           69      0.38%      1.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           53      0.29%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           52      0.29%      2.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           67      0.37%      2.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          257      1.42%      4.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17358     95.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        18128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   681.512438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   340.258716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   668.011049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           38     18.91%     18.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     11.44%     30.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.48%     33.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.99%     36.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.49%     38.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           10      4.98%     43.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.49%     45.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.49%     47.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.98%     52.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.49%     54.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.48%     58.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.98%     62.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.48%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.49%     69.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.98%     73.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      1.00%     74.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.48%     77.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.00%     78.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.49%     80.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.48%     83.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.00%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.49%     87.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.99%     89.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.00%     90.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.50%     90.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.00%     91.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.50%     92.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.00%     93.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.49%     94.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.00%     95.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.50%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.50%     96.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.50%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.50%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            2      1.00%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.50%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.761194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.729502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.123693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.50%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.50%      1.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.00%      1.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.00%      2.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.00%      3.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.00%      4.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.00%      5.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            188     93.53%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 4053801055                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            6378256255                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                438835200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29560.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46510.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      82.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       2.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   82.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    2.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 119813                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3971                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  2989810.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  47047369226                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    4666282200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1392225215                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0              12867120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          12887683.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          13428979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          13630982.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               8680200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               8694072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               9059232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               9195504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         67473369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         67691020.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         69686822.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         70588377.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        10815897.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        10344775.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        11201587.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        11157626.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      21180633002.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      6262965999.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      6265468946.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      6271683606.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      6276372727.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       68274075792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      68271880224.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       68266428768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      68262315504.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        95817511381.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        95817599725.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        95822121998.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        95823893725.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.934308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.934380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.938058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.939499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              269030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             269030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 60                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                60                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             10100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           126597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          33808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          101911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             13986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       825338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       825660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 825660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     71707137                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     71707781                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                71707781                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    134515000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4437414000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        60000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        30000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    166650000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     63386819                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     16975354                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     50955500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      7037410                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     17787000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         2018                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        21515                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          142                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          453                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           46                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5072                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           59                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      4739983                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    176908990                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         4999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        24989                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1382496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       164000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     39149000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        15000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       531000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          2698                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        26648                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             6326468                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime          216593989                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            71402                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            453419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  453419    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              453419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 161                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           352609500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              382018                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4506186500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              8.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             372079                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             268928                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            268928                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            10100                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           94909                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          7002                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         101911                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1078                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1078                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        10383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        10369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        11733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        16604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        16297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        16154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        12929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        13580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        11427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        11046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        10528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        11581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       188460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        10530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        11825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        16570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        16259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        16309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        12956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        13871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        11849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        11185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        10574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        11297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       188506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        10662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        11921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        16278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        16467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        16389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        13132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        13660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        11653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        11008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        10350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        11197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       188468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port        10711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port        10035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port        12160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port        16394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port        16340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port        16188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port        13073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        13878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        11733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        11058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port        10171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port        10470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port        11151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       188502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                753936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1115392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1084928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1132544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1058816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1128704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1131776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1134848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1124864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1078272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1143296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1135616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1099008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1154560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1100288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1122816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1158400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     17904128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1134848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1080576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1082112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1067776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1160960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1123584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1156608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1114624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1076736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1189632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1172992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1112832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1122816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1080576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1126144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1140736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     17943552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1099264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1072896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1075456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1125888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1150464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1086464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1162752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1164544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1106432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1113856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1125888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1111040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1105920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     17911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1158144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1070080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1093376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1101568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1132544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1127936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1132544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1120000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1097984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1200640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1174784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1105408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1104896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1090816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1135104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1101824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     17947649                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               71707137                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    376386800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2650492745                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     94938400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    132863400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      9801200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    142589290                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1496000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     10602169                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          281                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           33                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       225400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        10200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         1600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        17200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5399                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        20200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          345                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           4                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             266000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             15599                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           35783400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              21499                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           28396600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              16959                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           33519200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              20428                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           38535600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              24118                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           51288800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              33222                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           50905600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              32978                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           51034200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              32837                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           41826800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              26354                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           28453600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              16958                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           44248800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              27826                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          38009400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             23639                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          36296200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             22453                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          29420400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             17582                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          34915200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             20908                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          35303600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             21304                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          37548400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             22952                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         699914923                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded             92956                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         701732064                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded             93002                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         700320702                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded             92963                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         701718015                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded             92997                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       268928                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       268928                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        10100                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        94909                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7002                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       101911                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1078                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1078                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       188460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       188506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       188468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       188502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       753936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     17904128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     17943552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     17911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     17947649                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     71707137                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    215142400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1075712000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     40400000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     75927200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      5601600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     81528800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       862400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4312000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         7128                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1277                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     23334100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2420600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        80700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  8427                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     25835400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     84556800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        95504                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     84412800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        95504                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     84538400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        95505                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     84426500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        95505                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1161553600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       371918                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2425438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2425211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate          226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                60                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               60                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            62618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          127186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         34052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         161238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           33788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       492597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       730511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       500022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       731514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       500674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       730258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       496008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       738420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           47                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           49                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4939708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       764672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47635064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1460384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       443136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47212916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1462332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       539136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47241576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1459472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       475904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47867252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1475900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       163584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76625                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              198285737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1215413968                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  23767543464                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        60998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        30000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2035146374                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     64357332                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     17130279                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     51391958                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        13499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     17122033                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     94709490                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        77418                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         2703                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           27                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         2306                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4186                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1080                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          167                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         1247                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    978711357                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     31696458                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      1489489                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     22768494                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     50880973                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     19460494                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1706497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        67500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     14918487                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       462499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        86391                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        2933                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         1088296794                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          33865454                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          364009                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2683006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2683006    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2683006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3349290983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2683168                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          97218482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2987                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        7925131105                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            14.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            281680                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         365955391                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            365415                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          56348176                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1731                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        8076064145                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            15.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            289415                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         366495847                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            365931                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         68594023                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             2106                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy       8124888590                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           15.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           290435                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy        365918422                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded           365390                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         60546585                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             1859                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy       7911371636                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           14.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           282917                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy        370006345                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded           369445                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy            65000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           627497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded               32                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy           195498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy           595499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded               33                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy            65000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           694495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded               36                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         20769496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              639                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         11066999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              425                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5310    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5310    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5310    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5310    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             5310    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            5310    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    270229                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8183.905215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      395861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    270229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.464909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      321.265968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     3.205650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    31.543650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1961.398325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     1.303667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.035156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    25.713155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1962.734054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.592271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    11.631070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1903.780333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     1.851417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.036069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    13.486854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  1906.394218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data     0.000115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     4.099055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    10.020075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    24.814112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.039217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.003851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.239429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.003139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.239592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.001420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.232395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.232714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.003029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001709                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993286                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  18827266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 18827266                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       102980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       365536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       101923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       364848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       102149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       368926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       103406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1880420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            62618                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 62618                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          232                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          203                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          236                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          225                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  900                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          296                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          441                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        103364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       365536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        102219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       364848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          1384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data        102539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       368926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          1107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        103847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data             5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data             5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1881945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365045                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       103364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       365536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       102219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       364848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       102539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       368926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       103847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1881945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        66424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        66361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        66304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        67055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                270301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        22769                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        24149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        23639                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        24026                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              94598                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1745                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1746                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1740                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1769                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             7002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          478                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          297                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        66902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        66650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        66624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        67352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 271690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        66902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        66650                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        66624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        67352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                271690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6278499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    194061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8678925368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5895499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     97169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8665702340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     91575500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8660985332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     93815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8753175333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       123500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6700500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35284997371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5111999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4782000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3421000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      8571498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     21886497                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9792000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10282500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9527999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     10275000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     39877499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     51572999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     33060499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     39399999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     35331499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       137500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       448000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     159950496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6278499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    194061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8730498367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5895499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     97169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8698762839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     91575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8700385331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     93815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8788506832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       123500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      35444947867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6278499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    194061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8730498367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5895499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     97169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8698762839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     91575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8700385331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     93815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8788506832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       123500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     21687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     35444947867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       169404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       365583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       168284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       364868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       168453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       368975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       170461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2150721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        62618                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             62618                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        23001                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        24352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        23875                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        24251                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            95498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1801                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1801                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1830                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           7246                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          585                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2914                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       170266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       365583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       168869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       364868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       169163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       368975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       171199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2153635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       170266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       365583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       168869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       364868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       169163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       368975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       171199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2153635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.511215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.392104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.443096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.394339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.342830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.393605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.404839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.393374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.258216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.282609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.125679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.989913                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.991664                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.990115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.990722                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.990576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.963024                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.969461                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.966130                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.966667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.966326                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.554524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.494017                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.450704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.402439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.476664                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.511215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.392926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.443096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.394685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.342830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.393845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.404839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.393414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.258216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.277228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.126154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.511215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.392926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.443096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.394685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.342830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.393845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.404839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.393414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.258216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.277228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.126154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123107.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127086.444008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130659.481031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 125436.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126687.092568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130584.263950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       116750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 126835.872576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130625.382058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 126428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124588.313413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130537.250511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       123500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131436.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128855.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130539.647915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   224.515745                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   198.020622                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   144.718474                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   356.759261                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   231.363211                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  5611.461318                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5889.175258                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  5475.861494                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  5808.366309                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5695.158383                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107893.303347                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114396.190311                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 123124.996875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118961.276094                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       137500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       112000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115155.144708                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123107.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127086.444008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130496.821724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 125436.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126687.092568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130514.071103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       116750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 126835.872576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130589.357154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 126428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124588.313413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130486.204300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       123500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       137500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131436.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127651.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130460.995499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123107.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127086.444008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130496.821724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 125436.148936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126687.092568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 130514.071103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       116750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 126835.872576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 130589.357154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 126428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124588.313413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130486.204300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       123500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       137500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131436.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127651.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130460.995499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10100                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10100                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               1373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                1373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          288                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               1373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        66318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        66304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        66202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        66973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           268928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        22769                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        24149                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        23639                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        24026                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         94598                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1745                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1746                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1740                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1769                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          478                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1389                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        66796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        66593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        66522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        67270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            270317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        66796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        66593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        66522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        67270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           56                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           270317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4864499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    150199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7937174368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4530499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     70642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7929497340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     52992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7921360332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     59621500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8006646333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6128500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32169712871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1247697141                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1323405144                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1295597612                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1316927632                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       826499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5184454028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     95446985                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     95687484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     95179983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     96574976                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    382997928                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     46314999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     29881499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     35879999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     32064499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       126500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       404000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144671496                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4864499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    150199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7983489367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4530499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     70642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7959378839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     52992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7957240331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     59621500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8038710832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       126500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6532500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32314384367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4864499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    150199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7983489367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      4530499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     70642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7959378839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      1133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     52992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7957240331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     59621500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8038710832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       126500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6532500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32314384367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       391499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       384500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       253998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2127497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       200000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       200000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       212500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        80998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       194500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1227998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       611000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       591499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       552000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       597000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       180998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       194500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       180000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       448498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3355495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.420824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.391478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.344310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.394001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.206078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.393000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.392893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.258216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.282609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.125041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.989913                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.991664                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.990115                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.990722                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990576                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.963024                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.969461                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.966130                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966326                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.554524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.494017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.450704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.402439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.476664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.420824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.392304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.344310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.394347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.206078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.393242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.392935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.258216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.277228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.125517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.420824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.392304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.344310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.394347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.206078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.393242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.392935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.258216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.277228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.125517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 118646.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119490.055688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119683.560542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119223.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118526.845638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119593.046272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 122101.382488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119654.396121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120794.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120204.637097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119550.361086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117855.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119622.028465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54798.064957                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54801.654064                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54807.631964                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54812.604345                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 55099.933333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54805.112455                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54697.412607                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54803.828179                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54701.139655                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54592.976823                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54698.361611                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 96893.303347                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 103396.190311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 112124.996875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107961.276094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       126500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104155.144708                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 118646.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119490.055688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119520.470792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119223.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118526.845638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119522.755230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 122101.382488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119618.176408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120794.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120204.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119499.194767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       126500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120436.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116651.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119542.553250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 118646.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119490.055688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119520.470792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 119223.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118526.845638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119522.755230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 122101.382488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 119618.176408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 120794.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120204.637097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119499.194767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       126500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120436.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116651.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119542.553250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       2698                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67390                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67390    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         67390                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2548                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2548    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2548                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     324888587.570621                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    314826548.517626                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    79455120.028711                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            2      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           35      0.66%      0.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          153      2.88%      3.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         1081     20.36%     23.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         2014     37.93%     61.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1126     21.21%     83.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          719     13.54%     96.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          126      2.37%     98.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           35      0.66%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           11      0.21%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            5      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        324858126.990238      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17251840                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    12284143.126177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   25783408.105190                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3651     68.76%     68.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1220     22.98%     91.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          270      5.08%     96.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           69      1.30%     98.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           28      0.53%     98.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           26      0.49%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           15      0.28%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           14      0.26%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            9      0.17%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       12282809.134458      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 652288                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           67390                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       100314.177178                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98911.293741                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      20560.272440                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           82      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        59988     89.02%     89.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         2927      4.34%     93.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2448      3.63%     97.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1217      1.81%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          636      0.94%     99.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           64      0.09%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            6      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           13      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            4      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             67390                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               67390                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           788031.013503                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          684355.320510                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             67384     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             20000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          10676000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 67390                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2548                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         20853536.106750                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        28822044.241827                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2548    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       256494000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2548                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 69938                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             759321.255970                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            661985.676942                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 5      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 2      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                2      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               69925     99.98%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               20000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            10676000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   69938                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.132015                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.338539                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             4609     86.80%     86.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              701     13.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            5310    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            12.690960                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean           12.296687                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            3.104990                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                     1      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                     3      0.06%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                    32      0.60%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                   160      3.01%      3.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                   564     10.62%     14.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                1145     21.56%     35.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                1381     26.01%     61.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                1126     21.21%     83.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                 574     10.81%     93.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                 228      4.29%     98.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                  65      1.22%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                  15      0.28%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   8      0.15%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   3      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   2      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.479849                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           1.007164                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   3651     68.76%     68.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1220     22.98%     91.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    270      5.08%     96.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     69      1.30%     98.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     28      0.53%     98.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     26      0.49%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     15      0.28%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                     14      0.26%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      9      0.17%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      3      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     4      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67589    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         67589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2503                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2503    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2503                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     325847984.934087                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    315707376.260165                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    79683593.370571                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            2      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           32      0.60%      0.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          167      3.15%      3.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         1051     19.79%     23.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         2028     38.19%     61.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1114     20.98%     82.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          745     14.03%     96.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          107      2.02%     98.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           47      0.89%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           10      0.19%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            4      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        325817420.168322      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17302784                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    12067193.973635                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26186741.267169                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3673     69.17%     69.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1236     23.28%     92.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          233      4.39%     96.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           65      1.22%     98.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           35      0.66%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           16      0.30%     99.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           25      0.47%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            7      0.13%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            6      0.11%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            6      0.11%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            5      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       12065883.541424      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 640768                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           67589                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       100175.220820                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98818.665582                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      20232.555213                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           65      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        60277     89.18%     89.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         3002      4.44%     93.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2329      3.45%     97.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1177      1.74%     98.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          649      0.96%     99.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           69      0.10%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            7      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            9      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             67589                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               67589                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           785911.982719                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          684889.980224                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             67582     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             25000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          14361000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 67589                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2503                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         21180552.536956                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        29159532.336062                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             1      0.04%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2502     99.96%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           90000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       239605000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2503                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 70092                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             757652.870513                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            661748.553806                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 4      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 8      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 5      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                2      0.00%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               70067     99.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               25000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            10080000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   70092                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.129567                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.335858                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             4622     87.04%     87.04% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              688     12.96%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            5310    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            12.728437                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           12.331088                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            3.112701                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                     2      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                     1      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                    33      0.62%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                   155      2.92%      3.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                   595     11.21%     14.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                1011     19.04%     33.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                1467     27.63%     61.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                1120     21.09%     82.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                 622     11.71%     94.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                 205      3.86%     98.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                  61      1.15%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                  20      0.38%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                  10      0.19%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   4      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.471375                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.022920                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   3673     69.17%     69.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1236     23.28%     92.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    233      4.39%     96.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     65      1.22%     98.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     35      0.66%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     16      0.30%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     25      0.47%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      7      0.13%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      6      0.11%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      6      0.11%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     5      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67426                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67426    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         67426                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2542                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2542    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2542                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     325062146.892655                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    314938661.148753                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    79820937.921275                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            2      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           26      0.49%      0.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          167      3.15%      3.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         1082     20.38%     24.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         1995     37.57%     61.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1100     20.72%     82.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          772     14.54%     96.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          119      2.24%     99.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           30      0.56%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           10      0.19%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            2      0.04%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            4      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        325031667.464665      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17261056                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    12255216.572505                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   27131229.648606                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3686     69.42%     69.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1208     22.75%     92.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          246      4.63%     96.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           59      1.11%     97.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           33      0.62%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           28      0.53%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.23%     99.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           16      0.30%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            5      0.09%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            6      0.11%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            7      0.13%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            3      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       12253885.722054      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 650752                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           67426                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       100173.115712                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98813.207192                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      20167.154946                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           84      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        60119     89.16%     89.29% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         2958      4.39%     93.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2290      3.40%     97.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1301      1.93%     99.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          598      0.89%     99.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           52      0.08%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            7      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           10      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            4      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             67426                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               67426                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           787804.452288                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          689570.366807                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             67417     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             56000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          13817000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 67426                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2542                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         20874293.863100                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        28888826.610421                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2542    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       339925000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2542                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 69968                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             759182.812143                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            666587.430501                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 5      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 4      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 4      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                6      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               69947     99.97%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               49000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            13817000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   69968                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.132015                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.338539                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             4609     86.80%     86.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              701     13.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            5310    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            12.697740                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean           12.301757                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            3.120179                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                     5      0.09%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                    28      0.53%      0.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   159      2.99%      3.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                   594     11.19%     14.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                1109     20.89%     35.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                1380     25.99%     61.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                1107     20.85%     82.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                 612     11.53%     94.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                 228      4.29%     98.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                  56      1.05%     99.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                  16      0.30%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   7      0.13%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   4      0.08%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   3      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.478719                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.059814                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   3686     69.42%     69.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1208     22.75%     92.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    246      4.63%     96.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     59      1.11%     97.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     33      0.62%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     28      0.53%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     12      0.23%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     16      0.30%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      5      0.09%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      6      0.11%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     7      0.13%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     3      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67601                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67601    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         67601                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2508                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.898325                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.434610                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.091860                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2507     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2508                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     325905838.041431                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    315656486.736543                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    80128889.154871                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            2      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           32      0.60%      0.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          165      3.11%      3.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         1053     19.83%     23.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         1976     37.21%     60.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08         1159     21.83%     82.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          733     13.80%     96.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          134      2.52%     98.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           37      0.70%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           12      0.23%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            6      0.11%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        325875266.993131      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17305856                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    12086478.342750                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26894238.243460                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3702     69.72%     69.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1208     22.75%     92.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     92.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          240      4.52%     96.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           45      0.85%     97.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           33      0.62%     98.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           23      0.43%     98.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           20      0.38%     99.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           17      0.32%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            9      0.17%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            8      0.15%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       12085184.646707      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 641793                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           67601                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       100307.196639                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98919.481398                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      20460.902741                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           72      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        60152     88.98%     89.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         2958      4.38%     93.46% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2483      3.67%     97.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1227      1.82%     98.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          615      0.91%     99.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           70      0.10%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            6      0.01%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            9      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            3      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            4      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             67601                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               67601                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           785700.315084                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          685154.408068                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             67595     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             11000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          11868000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 67601                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2508                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         21242807.017544                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        29927820.648548                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2508    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       261222000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2508                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 70109                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             757640.017687                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            664695.548763                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                3      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               70097     99.98%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               11000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            11868000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   70109                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.129190                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.335442                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             4624     87.08%     87.08% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              686     12.92%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            5310    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            12.730697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           12.331039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            3.132321                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                     5      0.09%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                    26      0.49%      0.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                   164      3.09%      3.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                   572     10.77%     14.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                1125     21.19%     35.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                1343     25.29%     60.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                1142     21.51%     82.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                 616     11.60%     94.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                 217      4.09%     98.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                  66      1.24%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                  14      0.26%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                  11      0.21%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   2      0.04%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   5      0.09%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.472128                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.050556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   3702     69.72%     69.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1208     22.75%     92.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    240      4.52%     96.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     45      0.85%     97.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     33      0.62%     98.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     23      0.43%     98.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     20      0.38%     99.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     17      0.32%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      9      0.17%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      8      0.15%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       282914                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       282914    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         282914                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        10101                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.974755                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.859501                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.537219                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        10100     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         10101                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      1301704557.438795                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     1269983006.154181                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     284529698.183794                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08            2      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08           11      0.21%      0.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08          158      2.98%      3.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09          854     16.08%     19.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09         2046     38.53%     57.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09         1529     28.79%     86.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09          591     11.13%     97.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09           88      1.66%     99.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09           16      0.30%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            8      0.15%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            4      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             5310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         1301582481.616356      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   69121536                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     48693032.015066                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    87398809.493938                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         4257     80.17%     80.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          841     15.84%     96.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           46      0.87%     96.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           20      0.38%     97.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           33      0.62%     97.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           16      0.30%     98.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           31      0.58%     98.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           11      0.21%     98.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           17      0.32%     99.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           15      0.28%     99.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            4      0.08%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           12      0.23%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            4      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            5310                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        48687763.044643      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2585601                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           270006                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        109598.127449                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       108230.888931                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       20903.230867                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535          302      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          117      0.04%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       248831     92.16%     92.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         9702      3.59%     95.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         7731      2.86%     98.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          600      0.22%     98.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         2533      0.94%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          106      0.04%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           35      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447           26      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             270006                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               282914                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            187709.846455                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           246424.313051                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                24      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  5721      2.02%      2.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              5855      2.07%      4.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             5028      1.78%      5.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             8149      2.88%      8.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             5455      1.93%     10.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             5515      1.95%     12.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             4815      1.70%     14.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             5892      2.08%     16.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             4390      1.55%     17.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             4548      1.61%     19.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             4366      1.54%     21.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             4321      1.53%     22.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             5125      1.81%     24.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             4270      1.51%     25.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             5299      1.87%     27.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             4225      1.49%     29.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             4615      1.63%     30.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             4080      1.44%     32.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             4821      1.70%     34.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            4007      1.42%     35.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             182393     64.47%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            6231000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 282914                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              10101                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          5257476.190476                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         7326573.079138                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            114      1.13%      1.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             28      0.28%      1.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             35      0.35%      1.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             20      0.20%      1.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             26      0.26%      2.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             30      0.30%      2.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             33      0.33%      2.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             19      0.19%      3.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             15      0.15%      3.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             23      0.23%      3.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             36      0.36%      3.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             14      0.14%      3.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             23      0.23%      4.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             28      0.28%      4.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             14      0.14%      4.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             23      0.23%      4.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            26      0.26%      5.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             9594     94.98%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         80142000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                10101                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 293015                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              181239.073085                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             242721.699288                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                  24      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    5922      2.02%      2.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                6050      2.06%      4.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               5208      1.78%      5.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               9160      3.13%      9.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               5854      2.00%     11.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               5899      2.01%     13.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               5182      1.77%     14.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               6425      2.19%     16.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               4997      1.71%     18.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               4863      1.66%     20.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               4740      1.62%     21.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               4846      1.65%     23.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               5358      1.83%     25.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               4743      1.62%     27.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               7741      2.64%     29.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               4406      1.50%     31.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               4799      1.64%     32.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               4397      1.50%     34.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               4958      1.69%     36.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              4248      1.45%     37.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               183195     62.52%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                    0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              6231000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   293015                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.571563                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.717395                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              2906     54.73%     54.73% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              1853     34.90%     89.62% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               476      8.96%     98.59% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                70      1.32%     99.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 5      0.09%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          5310                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             5310    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5310                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             53.278719                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            52.046148                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            11.273008                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                      1      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                     3      0.06%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                   13      0.24%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                   97      1.83%      2.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                  416      7.83%      9.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                 1075     20.24%     30.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                 1538     28.96%     59.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                 1264     23.80%     82.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                  636     11.98%     94.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                  196      3.69%     98.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                   46      0.87%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                   11      0.21%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   7      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  2      0.04%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  3      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.902072                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.414016                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                  4806     90.51%     90.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                   338      6.37%     96.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                   35      0.66%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                  34      0.64%     98.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                  37      0.70%     98.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                  22      0.41%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                  17      0.32%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                  14      0.26%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                   5      0.09%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                   1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                   1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                5310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     6692288                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    182772                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1543501                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       78                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    15                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 6875060                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1543579                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          8235789                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         182850                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      8418639                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    25337217                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                25337222                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         25337217                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     25337222                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       106202504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23071095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     23358529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             19561516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     136561                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2665797                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    19561516                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           29233903                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          14462743                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            90087942                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           13081367                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8247574                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6693057                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1554517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              409729.190258                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              105792774.809742                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.996142                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.003858                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3419052                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 15123094     64.71%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     391      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6693057     28.64%     93.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1554517      6.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  23371083                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      21                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2987                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           25467739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          8526.193170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         50677421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        50677421                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     25334230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       25334230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     25334230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        25334230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     25334230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       25334230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    222697982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222697982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    222697982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    222697982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    222697982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    222697982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     25337217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25337217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     25337217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     25337217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     25337217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     25337217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 74555.735521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74555.735521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 74555.735521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74555.735521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 74555.735521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74555.735521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    216442018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216442018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    216442018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216442018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    216442018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216442018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 72461.338467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72461.338467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 72461.338467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72461.338467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 72461.338467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72461.338467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               292                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           180333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          249.737362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11962860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           180333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.337609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   249.737362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.975537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16714523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16714523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      6431165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6431165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1478149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1478149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          249                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          249                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        24280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        24280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        20064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      7909314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         7909314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      7909563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        7909563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       229116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       229116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        36672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          100                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          100                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         7358                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7358                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         8493                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8493                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       265788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        265788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       265888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       265888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11259181704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11259181704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1705307385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1705307385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     53815944                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     53815944                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    253728994                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    253728994                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       287000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       287000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  12964489089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12964489089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  12964489089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12964489089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      6660281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6660281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1514821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1514821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          349                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          349                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        31638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        28557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8175102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8175102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8175451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8175451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.024209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.286533                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.286533                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.232568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.232568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.297405                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.297405                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.032512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.032523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49141.839522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49141.839522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46501.619355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46501.619355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7313.936396                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7313.936396                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29875.072884                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29875.072884                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48777.556131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48777.556131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48759.210980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48759.210980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       229116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        36671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          100                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7281                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7281                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         8482                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       265787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       265787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       265887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       265887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  10799334158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10799334158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1631724105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631724105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7290002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7290002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     33606546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33606546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    236773006                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236773006                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       273000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       273000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  12431058263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12431058263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  12438348265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12438348265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       656490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       656490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       831000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       831000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1487490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1487490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.034400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.024208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024208                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.286533                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286533                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.230135                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230135                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.297020                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297020                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.032512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.032523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47134.788308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47134.788308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44496.307845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44496.307845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 72900.020000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72900.020000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4615.649773                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4615.649773                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27914.761377                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27914.761377                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46770.753509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46770.753509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46780.580717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46780.580717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              9573                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     6705125                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    183009                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1533747                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       61                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 6888134                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1533808                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          8238872                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         183070                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      8421942                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    25385284                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                25385284                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         25385284                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     25385284                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       106202314                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   23117802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     23395018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             19580523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     133967                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2676612                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    19580523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           29230466                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          14473981                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            90232872                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           13129777                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      8250112                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    6705486                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1544626                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              132335.541230                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              106069978.458770                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998754                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001246                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          3430568                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 15156431     64.75%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     310      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 6705486     28.65%     93.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1544626      6.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  23406855                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           25495939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         14729.023108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         50772299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        50772299                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     25383553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       25383553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     25383553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        25383553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     25383553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       25383553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    115189676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115189676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    115189676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115189676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    115189676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115189676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     25385284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25385284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     25385284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     25385284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     25385284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     25385284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 66545.162334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66545.162334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 66545.162334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66545.162334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 66545.162334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66545.162334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    111546324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111546324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    111546324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111546324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    111546324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111546324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 64440.395147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64440.395147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 64440.395147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64440.395147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 64440.395147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64440.395147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               163                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           178414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          249.683127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           11674933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           178414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            65.437314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   249.683127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.975325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16725267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16725267                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      6443043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6443043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1461870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1461870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          115                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          115                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        24335                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        24335                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        19908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      7904913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         7904913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      7905028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        7905028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       230294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       230294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        43311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        43311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         7258                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7258                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         8525                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8525                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       273605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        273605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       273666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       273666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11314677214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11314677214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1815711380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1815711380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     49434445                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     49434445                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    252168495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    252168495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       116000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       116000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13130388594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13130388594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  13130388594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13130388594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      6673337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6673337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1505181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1505181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          176                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        31593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        28433                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28433                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8178518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8178518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8178694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8178694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.034510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.346591                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.346591                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.229734                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.229734                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.299828                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.299828                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49131.445952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49131.445952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41922.638129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41922.638129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6811.028520                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6811.028520                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 29579.882111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.882111                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47990.309366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47990.309366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47979.612352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47979.612352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            15556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       230294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        43311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         7203                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7203                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         8517                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         8517                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       273605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       273605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       273666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       273666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10852495572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10852495572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1728972618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1728972618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3777501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3777501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     31213048                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31213048                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    235137505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235137505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       108000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  12581468190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12581468190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  12585245691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12585245691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       652991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       652991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       785500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       785500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1438491                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1438491                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.034510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028775                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028775                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.346591                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346591                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.227994                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227994                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.299546                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299546                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.033461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47124.525919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47124.525919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 39919.942232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39919.942232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 61926.245902                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61926.245902                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4333.339997                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4333.339997                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27608.019843                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27608.019843                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45984.058003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45984.058003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45987.611508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45987.611508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              9585                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     6683953                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    182748                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1540880                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       70                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 6866701                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1540950                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          8224833                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                         182818                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      8407651                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    25309351                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                        13                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                25309364                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         25309351                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     25309364                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       106202634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   23040241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     23322585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             19533017                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     135074                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2660483                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    19533017                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           29194685                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          14444190                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            89953433                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           13064079                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      8236408                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6684393                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1552015                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              309954.061204                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              105892679.938796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997081                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002919                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          3411261                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 15098007     64.70%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     335      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6684393     28.65%     93.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1552015      6.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  23334759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      27                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             2106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           25371938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         12047.453941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         50620808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        50620808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     25307245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       25307245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     25307245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        25307245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     25307245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       25307245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    114872523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114872523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    114872523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114872523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    114872523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114872523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     25309351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25309351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     25309351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     25309351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     25309351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     25309351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 54545.357550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54545.357550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 54545.357550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54545.357550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 54545.357550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54545.357550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    110362477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110362477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    110362477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110362477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    110362477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110362477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 52403.835233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52403.835233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 52403.835233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52403.835233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 52403.835233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52403.835233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               195                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           179599                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          249.602391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            4029003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           179599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.433326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   249.602391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.975009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16698652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16698652                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      6420245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6420245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1469258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1469258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          150                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          150                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        24462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        24462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        20049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      7889503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7889503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      7889653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7889653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       231708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       231708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        42923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        42923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           86                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         7285                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7285                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       274631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        274631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       274717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       274717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  11327168172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11327168172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1788785389                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1788785389                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     49451935                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     49451935                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    251528490                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    251528490                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       308000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       308000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  13115953561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13115953561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  13115953561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13115953561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      6651953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6651953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1512181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1512181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          236                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          236                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        31747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        28541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8164134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8164134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8164370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8164370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.034833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.028385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.364407                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.364407                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.229471                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.229471                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.297537                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.297537                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 48885.529080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48885.529080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 41674.286257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41674.286257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6788.185999                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6788.185999                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 29619.464202                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29619.464202                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 47758.459755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47758.459755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 47743.508997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47743.508997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            15374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       231708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        42923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        42923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         7213                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7213                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         8479                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         8479                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       274631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       274631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       274717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       274717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  10862112628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10862112628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1702830607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1702830607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5112505                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5112505                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     30196556                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30196556                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    234584510                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234584510                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       284000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       284000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  12564943235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12564943235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  12570055740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12570055740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       578496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       578496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       761000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       761000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1339496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1339496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.034833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.028385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.364407                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364407                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.227203                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227203                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.297081                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297081                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.033648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46878.453174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46878.453174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39671.751905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39671.751905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 59447.732558                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59447.732558                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4186.407320                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4186.407320                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27666.530251                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27666.530251                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 45752.093664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45752.093664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 45756.381076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45756.381076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              9645                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     6733449                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    184759                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1548740                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       67                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                    13                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 6918208                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1548807                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          8282189                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                         184826                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      8467015                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    25483102                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                25483114                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         25483102                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     25483114                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       106211524                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   23193934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     23472786                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             19662408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     134603                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2675115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    19662408                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           29391671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          14548174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            90551176                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           13143061                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      8293420                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6733849                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1559571                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              11130.030952                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              106200393.969048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.999895                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000105                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3429672                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 15190838     64.68%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     312      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6733849     28.67%     93.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1559571      6.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  23484576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      24                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1859                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           20094507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         10809.309844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         50968063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        50968063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     25481242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       25481242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     25481242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        25481242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     25481242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       25481242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    113615585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113615585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    113615585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113615585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    113615585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113615585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     25483102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25483102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     25483102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     25483102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     25483102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     25483102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 61083.647849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61083.647849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 61083.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61083.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 61083.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61083.647849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    109639415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109639415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    109639415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109639415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    109639415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109639415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 58945.922043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58945.922043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 58945.922043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58945.922043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 58945.922043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58945.922043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               179                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           181174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          250.041234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7802121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           181174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.064242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   250.041234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.976724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16806836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16806836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      6472457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6472457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1482074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1482074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        24469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        24469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      7954531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7954531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      7954636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7954636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       229046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       229046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        37973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        37973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           79                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           79                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         7274                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7274                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       267019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        267019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       267098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       267098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11306465244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11306465244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1776965870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1776965870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     47452943                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     47452943                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    253731986                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    253731986                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        66000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        66000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  13083431114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13083431114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  13083431114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13083431114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6701503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6701503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1520047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1520047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          184                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        31743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        28550                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28550                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8221550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8221550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8221734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8221734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.034178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.024981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.429348                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.429348                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.229153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.229153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.300736                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.300736                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 49363.294901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49363.294901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46795.509178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46795.509178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  6523.638026                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6523.638026                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29551.826928                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29551.826928                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 48998.127901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48998.127901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 48983.635647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48983.635647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            15782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       229046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        37973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           79                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         7208                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7208                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         8582                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         8582                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       267019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       267019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       267098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       267098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  10846800586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10846800586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1700897126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1700897126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3669002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3669002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     29368043                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29368043                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    236560014                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236560014                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        60000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  12547697712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12547697712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  12551366714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12551366714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       616992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       616992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       795500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       795500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1412492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1412492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.034178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.024981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.429348                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429348                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.227074                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227074                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.300595                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300595                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 47356.428778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47356.428778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 44792.276776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44792.276776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46443.063291                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46443.063291                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  4074.367786                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4074.367786                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27564.671871                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27564.671871                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46991.778533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46991.778533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46991.616238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46991.616238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              9408                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                         284                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                        288                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                     284                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                    288                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          572                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                        1187                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                    1187                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                             1187                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                         1187                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                      2054559391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                       1161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                         1564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                 1473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                        118                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts          102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                        1473                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads               2549                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes              1052                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                5710                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                357                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          610                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                        309                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                       301                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              2054455881.080813                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              103509.919187                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000050                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999950                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                              226                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      998     62.06%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                     309     19.22%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                    301     18.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                      1608                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                 64                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                   32                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses             2376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses            2376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst         1185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst         1185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total            1185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst         1185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total           1185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        26000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        22000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        22000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        22000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          184.640351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   184.640351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.721251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.721251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total            23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       176997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       176997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       304000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       304000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       480997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       480997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       480997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       480997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.056180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.042202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.041742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11799.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11799.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        38000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        38000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20912.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20912.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20912.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20912.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       145003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       145003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       288000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       433003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       433003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       433003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       433003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       177500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       177500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       337500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       337500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.056180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028777                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028777                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.042202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.041742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9666.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9666.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        36000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18826.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18826.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18826.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18826.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 4                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                         284                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                        288                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                     284                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                    288                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          572                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                        1187                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                    1187                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                             1187                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                         1187                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       494438391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                       1161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                         1564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                 1473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                        118                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts          102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                        1473                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads               2549                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes              1052                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                5710                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                357                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          610                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                        309                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                       301                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              494411116.047613                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              27274.952387                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000055                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999945                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                              226                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      998     62.06%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                     309     19.22%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                    301     18.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                      1608                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                   70                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses             2380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses            2380                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total            1181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total           1181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total             6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       212498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       212498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       212498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       212498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       212498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       212498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         1187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.005055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.005055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.005055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 35416.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35416.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 35416.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35416.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 35416.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35416.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       199502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       199502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       199502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       199502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       199502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.005055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.005055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.005055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 33250.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33250.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 33250.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33250.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 33250.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33250.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          205.985455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                 53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   205.985455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.804631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.804631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1144                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total            24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       335999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       335999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       508999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       508999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       508999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       508999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.059925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.028777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.044037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.043557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 20999.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20999.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21208.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21208.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21208.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21208.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       303001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       303001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       157000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       460001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       460001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       460001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       460001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       300500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       300500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.059925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.028777                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028777                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.044037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.043557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18937.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18937.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19166.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19166.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19166.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19166.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 3                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                         284                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                        288                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                     284                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                    288                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              572                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          572                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                        1187                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                    1187                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                             1187                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                         1187                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                      2054558974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                       1161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                         1564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                 1473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                        118                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts          102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                        1473                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads               2549                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes              1052                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                5710                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                357                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          610                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                        309                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                       301                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              2054453993.955632                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              104980.044368                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000051                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999949                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                              226                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      998     62.06%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                     309     19.22%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                    301     18.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                      1608                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                 55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            27.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses             2376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses            2376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst         1185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst         1185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total            1185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst         1185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total           1185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        26000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        26000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        26000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        22000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        22000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        22000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          181.640412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                 15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   181.640412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.709533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.709533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total            27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       222997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       222997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       385998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       385998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.067416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12388.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12388.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 42888.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42888.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22555.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22555.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 22555.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22555.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       184003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       367002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       367002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       551005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       551005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       551005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       551005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       126500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       126500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       286500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       286500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.067416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10222.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10222.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        40778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20407.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20407.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20407.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20407.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 8                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        6344                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       5537                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    6347                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   5537                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            11881                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        11884                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       28156                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 11                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   28156                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            28156                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        28156                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       106211609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      27689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        33370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                30991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2039                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3048                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       30991                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              55459                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             21364                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              123053                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              11162                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        12929                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       6582                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      6347                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              106006182.516945                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              205426.483055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001934                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998066                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             5175                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    21507     62.26%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      96      0.28%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.04%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    6582     19.05%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   6347     18.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     34546                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              40198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            62.907668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            56951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           56951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        27517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          27517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        27517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           27517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        27517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          27517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29690996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29690996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29690996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     29690996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29690996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     29690996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        28156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        28156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        28156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        28156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        28156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 46464.782473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46464.782473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 46464.782473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46464.782473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 46464.782473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46464.782473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28409004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28409004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28409004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28409004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28409004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28409004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44458.535211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44458.535211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44458.535211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44458.535211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 44458.535211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44458.535211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                66                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          213.904951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              67680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           286.779661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   213.904951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.835566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            24059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           24059                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           5807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          5326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        11133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           11133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        11215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          11215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      9757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2302000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2302000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       718499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       718499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       454000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       454000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     12059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     12059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          100                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.180000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.180000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.179104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.179104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.137405                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.137405                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33529.209622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33529.209622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32422.535211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32422.535211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29937.458333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29937.458333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25222.222222                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25222.222222                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33312.154696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33312.154696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31734.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31734.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      9175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       675501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        31000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       418000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       418000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     12010501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12010501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       298500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       298500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       714500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       714500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013155                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013155                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.180000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.044776                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044776                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.137405                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137405                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31529.209622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31529.209622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30422.535211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30422.535211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37527.833333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37527.833333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  5166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23222.222222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23222.222222                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31312.154696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31312.154696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31606.581579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31606.581579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                56                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 53105767000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -672888988.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       845731152.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -453933048.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       570532920.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3329896627.200002
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       4406548723.200002
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -667818639.360000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       701303132.160000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1297008029614.078613
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1355560512184.318604
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -382951240712.640015
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       401237195316.479919
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -4181297251536.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       4369183507392.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.053106
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       5134587341.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       4710190322.424646
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       78372874.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       13696406.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       26824294.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6217979.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       92454244.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       117113831.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       57953608.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       542598.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       78372874.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       101546701.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       30.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       101546671.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       9333.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       26693973.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6058461.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       33728847.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       733567.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       920504.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       160975.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       3829382
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       270006.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       10100.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       285786.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1884511.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       67214.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       268928.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
