sim_seconds                                  0.035421                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35420704000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4325580759500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               33887892                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 34275835                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              129761113                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   272.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  9250328297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9356225082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      1418600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      1418600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         3304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         3304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       354650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       354650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data          826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total          826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     40050023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       40050023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        93279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total         93279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     40143301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      40143301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               354650                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                 826                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             354650                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts               826                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        11335584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ            13216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            15392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          1418600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          3304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            348                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        41194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        58567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        35570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        31220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        28171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        35933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        71317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        52265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap            53191297500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         354650                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2           826                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           354237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       150124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.610669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.420544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.953357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63        27761     18.49%     18.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95        79929     53.24%     71.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127        19448     12.95%     84.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159        15001      9.99%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2515      1.68%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3940      2.62%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255          468      0.31%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287          682      0.45%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::288-319           87      0.06%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::320-351          227      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::352-383           50      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-415           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::416-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::480-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       150124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12616.586207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11169.386186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6214.197463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      3.45%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            3     10.34%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      3.45%     20.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      3.45%     24.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            5     17.24%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      3.45%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            3     10.34%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      6.90%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      3.45%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            3     10.34%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      6.90%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::34816-35839            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.586207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.562997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.907006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     68.97%     68.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.45%     72.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     27.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            4470453294                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      10474770444                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          1133558400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              12619.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         29569.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                320.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              40.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  3.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              3.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits            204527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits               67                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          57.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         14.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap              149634.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             57.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14844946883                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  17462752961                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     226296806.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     174669868.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     174759379.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     235029513.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0        152660544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1        117832848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2     117893232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3        158551656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0       273254592                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    170539699.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    171868569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3       328486080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0      112409856                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   112277145.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   112251847.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   112302858.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 12120050393.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 10820650613.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 10928051363.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 12316532567.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  72412388736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1  73552213104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  73458001920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3  72240035952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   109141099012.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   108792221364.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   108806864397.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   109234976712.000015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     78.855366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     78.603299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     78.613879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     78.923193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         5120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           5120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                 10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                20                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        21682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                72274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total           21682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks         144548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total              144548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks         144548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        21682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total              216822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                         10                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        20                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  2560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   2560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                5120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  35422200000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   80                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           39                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.487179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.590420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.155946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            8     20.51%     20.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            8     20.51%     41.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     58.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           39                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.828540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0                3     42.86%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     28.57%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     2158500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                3514500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    26981.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               43931.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     32.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      69                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                    140                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 1180740000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   87.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32303332248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        4367596                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           2078697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           2296425.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           2212358.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           2088374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                1402296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                1549176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                1492464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                1408824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          8068070.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          8755468.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          8412518.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               7882368                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         3599769.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         3885096.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         3706352.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         3536732.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       6944151968.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       6947536893.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       6947821108.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       6946161888.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        76952650512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        76949681280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        76949431968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        76950887424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         107755989399.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         107757742425.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         107757114855.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         107756003696.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.854612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.855879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.855426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.854623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     88837912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     26240902                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        44641                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        45070                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        40890                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        41893                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        41113                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        41100                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    115333521                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     88837912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     88837912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      6505451                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5357                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5589                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5241                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5055                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6536918                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     22209478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      7894663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        44641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        45070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        40890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        41893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        41113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        41100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     30358848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      2300453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2814                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2316293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2508078665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    740835134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1260308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1272420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1154410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1182726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1160705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1160338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3256104706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2508078665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2508078665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    183662386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       151239                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       157789                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       142967                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       147964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       142713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       145706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    184550764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2508078665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    924497520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1411547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1430209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1297377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1330691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1303418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1306044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3440655471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                57819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total           14455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks         101184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total              101184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks         101184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total              159003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  35424771000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.694406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    12.520677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.659417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     29.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 1610216863.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   77.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32304979859                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        2719985                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           2100470.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           2314569.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           2014588.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           2221430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                1416984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1561416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2           1359048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                1498584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          8091033.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          8916211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          7626777.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          8337139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              3649536                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         3938181.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         3437199.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         3686860.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       6944629893.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       6947749863.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       6945291457.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       6948245352.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        76952231280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        76949494464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2        76951650960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3        76949059824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         107756157282.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         107758012790.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         107755418116.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         107757087276.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.854734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.856074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.854200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.855406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     87261768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     25864907                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        43944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        42925                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        43923                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        43173                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        44258                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        43180                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    113388078                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     87261768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     87261768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      6404039                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5446                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5283                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5532                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5189                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6436233                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     21815442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      7766645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        43944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        42925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        43923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        43173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        44258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        43180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     29843490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      2258258                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2274459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2463580848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    730220015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1240630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1211862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1240037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1218863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1249495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1219061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3201180812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2463580848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2463580848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    180799314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       153752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       149291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       154034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       149150                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       156180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       146496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    181708218                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2463580848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    911019329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1394382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1361153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1394072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1368013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1405675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1365557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3382889030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        21682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                50592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        14455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           21682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          93956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               93956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          93956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        21682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              144548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  35436216000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                 104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.302628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.837010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     20.83%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      4.17%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     12.50%     37.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     62.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.066446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1793792                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                2742992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    32032.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               48982.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     35.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 1771810800.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   80.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32305040657                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        2659187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           2109542.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           2076278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           2365977.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           2351462.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                1423104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                1400664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                1596096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                1586304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               8082048                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               8109504                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          8940172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          8823859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         3669857.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         3520143.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         4018222.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         3911639.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       6945297531.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       6944655939.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       6948936302.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       6949971878.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        76951645632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        76952208432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2        76948453728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3        76947545328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         107756265800.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         107756009046.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         107758348584                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         107758228556.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.854812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.854627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.856317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.856230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        28910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                57819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total           21682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks         108411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              108411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks         108411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        28910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              166230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  35449671000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                 120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.432129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.523597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     17.86%     17.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     17.86%     35.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     64.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.310835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1811440                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                2896240                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    28303.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               45253.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     29.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 1541290043.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   84.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32304435117                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        3264727                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           2209334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                2071440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           2070835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                2219616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                1490424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                1397400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                1396992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                1497360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               8468928                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          7961740.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          7846924.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          8359603.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         3832012.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         3550003.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         3513922.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         3749068.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       6946899076.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       6945252059.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       6945566261.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       6948023080.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        76950240768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        76951685520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        76951409904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        76949254800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         107757178629.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         107755956248.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         107755842925.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         107757141613.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.855472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.854589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.854507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.855445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1335316                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      1335316                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         2768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         2768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       333829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       333829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     37698743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       37698743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        78146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total         78146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     37776889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      37776889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               333829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 692                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             333829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               692                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        10671456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ            11072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            13312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          1335316                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          2768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             346                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            283                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        30744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1        37791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        41310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        36670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        41393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        23523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        42966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7        79086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap            53132655000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         333829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           692                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           333483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       139602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.537356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.265877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.691591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63        25224     18.07%     18.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95        73698     52.79%     70.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127        14852     10.64%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159        19527     13.99%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2230      1.60%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         2675      1.92%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255          412      0.30%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287          640      0.46%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319          108      0.08%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351          191      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415           30      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::416-447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       139602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 13991.760000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12907.633624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5842.688503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      8.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      4.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            4     16.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      8.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.00%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      4.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      4.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            2      8.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      4.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      4.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            2      8.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26112-26623            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.640000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.614558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.952190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           17     68.00%     68.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     32.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat            4155526665                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat       9808063515                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          1067145600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12460.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29410.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                301.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              37.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              3.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits            194246                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               51                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          58.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         12.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap              158832.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             58.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15735908412                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16571791432                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     180272131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1        183505392                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     173782627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     249472742.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0     121612152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1        123793320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2     117234312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3     168295104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    183459993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    204498278.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    168178483.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    337221081.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   112319861.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   112328985.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   112327741.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   112316958.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 10892252226.239998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 11242617929.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 10645956794.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 12288496282.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  73489404672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1  73182066336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  73705453296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3  72264629184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   108823359121.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   108892848326.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   108766971339.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   109264469438.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.625796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.676003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.585055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     78.944502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                65047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        14455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           36137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         115639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              115639                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         115639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              180685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  35417328000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                 128                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.174218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.765002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      3.33%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      3.33%     23.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     13.33%     36.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     63.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.527122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                3     60.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     1952272                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                3172672                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    27114.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44064.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     26.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     99                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               77.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 1416693120.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   81.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32305645657                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        2054187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           2365977.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           2060553.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           2586729.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3                2361744                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1596096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                1390056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1745016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1593240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          9086438.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1               7809984                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          9826252.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3               9018048                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         4101166.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         3546685.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         4359536.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         3888414.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       6947641298.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1         6945311376                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       6952095725.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       6949320874.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        76949589696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        76951633488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2        76945682304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        76948116384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         107758418758.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         107755790228.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         107760333649.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         107758336790.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.856368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.854469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.857751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.856308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1339600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::total      1339600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         3312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         3312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       334900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::total       334900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data          828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total          828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     37819689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::total       37819689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        93505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total         93505                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     37913193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      37913193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs               334900                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                 828                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts             334900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts               828                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM        10698752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ            18048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten            15360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys          1339600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          3312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             564                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            343                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0        28567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1        59612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2        28658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3        40621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4        36018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5        40768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6        30765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7        69327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap            53176358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2         334900                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2           828                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0           334336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25              34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       131656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.379595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    72.029868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.256547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63        19474     14.79%     14.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95        70105     53.25%     68.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127        15173     11.52%     79.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159        15957     12.12%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4746      3.60%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3705      2.81%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          663      0.50%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1585      1.20%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::288-319           74      0.06%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::320-351          124      0.09%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::352-383           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-415           29      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::416-447            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::448-479            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       131656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean 11387.862069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10544.311306                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4561.958232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.45%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.45%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.45%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     10.34%     24.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.45%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.45%     31.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.45%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.45%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     13.79%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      6.90%     58.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.45%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.45%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            3     10.34%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2      6.90%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            2      6.90%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.551724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.528408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.909718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16           21     72.41%     72.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     27.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat            3896658786                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat       9563653986                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat          1069875200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat              11654.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat         28604.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                302.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys              37.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits            203097                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               63                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          60.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         12.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              158391.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate             60.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15927264042                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT  16380435802                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     193493059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     190519257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     178834521.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3     209202134.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0     130531032.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1        128524896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2        120642336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3        141128424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    225786163.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1    207110092.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2       191330880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3    284866483.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   112333132.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1      112295808                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2      112275072                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   112309493.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 11627221498.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 11287449313.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 11057315270.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3  12191458680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0  72844694784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1  73142740560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  73344612528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3  72349749888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   108978097754.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   108912678013.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   108849048693.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   109132753188.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     78.737596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     78.690330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     78.644357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     78.849336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1353036                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total      1353036                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         3432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         3432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       338259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       338259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data          858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total          858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     38199015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       38199015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        96892                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total         96892                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     38295907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      38295907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               338259                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                 858                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             338259                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts               858                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM        10804256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ            20032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten            15648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys          1353036                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          3432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             626                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        33272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        51302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        42794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        33710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        40146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        48889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        29968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        57552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap            53164986000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         338259                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2           858                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           337633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16              13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       134172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.642042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.698238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.632377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63        20438     15.23%     15.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95        69341     51.68%     66.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127        17011     12.68%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159        18792     14.01%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2956      2.20%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3648      2.72%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          595      0.44%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287          930      0.69%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::288-319          162      0.12%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::320-351          246      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::352-383           26      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-415           27      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       134172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean        11440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10531.267903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4430.786394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      6.90%      6.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.45%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.45%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.45%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     10.34%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      6.90%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      6.90%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     10.34%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      6.90%     58.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      6.90%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      6.90%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.45%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.45%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            2      6.90%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.862069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.830470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.059789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16           17     58.62%     58.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     37.93%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat            3905824355                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat       9628703705                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat          1080425600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              11568.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         28518.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                305.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              38.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               25.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits            203888                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits               62                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          60.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate         12.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap              156774.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             60.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15857213136                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  16450486708                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     189162086.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     176788483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     204194390.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3        197954064                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0        127609344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1     119262072.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2        137750184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3        133540440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    206752665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    184455398.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    236674713.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    278806195.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   112279633.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   112269680.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   112372116.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   112321105.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 11487537316.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 11064803921.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 11532090067.199999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 12014636198.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0  72967224768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1  73338043536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2  72928143408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3  72504857328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   108934603899.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   108839661176.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   108995262964.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   109086153416.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     78.706171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     78.637574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     78.749998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     78.815667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     85177764                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     25370346                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        46826                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        48390                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        44766                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        43747                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        47831                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        46117                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    110825787                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     85177764                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     85177764                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      6282962                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5277                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5085                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5122                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5561                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5437                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6315028                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     21294441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      7596978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        46826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        48390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        44766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        43747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        47831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        46117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     29169096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      2204948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2221087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2404745089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    716257531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1321995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1366150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1263837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1235069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1350368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1301979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3128842018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2404745089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2404745089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    177381059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       148981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       157648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       143560                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       144605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       156999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       153498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    178286349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2404745089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    893638591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1470976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1523798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1407397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1379673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1507367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1455476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3307128368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     87486236                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     25898243                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        41971                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        43011                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        44624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        44373                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        44067                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        42545                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    113645070                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     87486236                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     87486236                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      6416488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5177                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5375                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5434                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5291                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5371                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6448176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     21871559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      7782098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        41971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        43011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        44624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        44373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        44067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        42545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     29914248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      2264800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2280756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2469918046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    731161159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1184928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1214290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1259828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1252742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1244103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1201134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3208436230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2469918046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2469918046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    181150776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       142290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       146157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       151747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       153413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       149376                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       151634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    182045394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2469918046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    912311935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1327218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1360447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1411576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1406155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1393479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1352768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3390481623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1371012                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::total      1371012                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         2800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         2800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       342753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::total       342753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data          700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total          700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     38706515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::total       38706515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        79050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total         79050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     38785565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      38785565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs               342753                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                 700                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts             342753                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts               700                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM        10957376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ            10720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten            13376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys          1371012                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          2800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             335                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            287                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0        36272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1        37093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2        44030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3        50492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4        38489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5        35665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6        26346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7        74031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            53216682500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2         342753                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2           700                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0           342418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       141020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.795717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.752486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.263720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63        25031     17.75%     17.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95        75704     53.68%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127        15053     10.67%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159        15888     11.27%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3389      2.40%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3720      2.64%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          623      0.44%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1028      0.73%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::288-319          155      0.11%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::320-351          335      0.24%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::352-383           39      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-415           53      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::416-447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       141020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean 13930.320000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12665.598716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6032.505330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      8.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     12.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      4.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      8.00%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      4.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      4.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      4.00%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      4.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            2      8.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      4.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            2      8.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.720000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.695334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.936305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16           15     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::17            2      8.00%     68.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     32.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat            4208922173                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat      10012907273                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat          1095737600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat              12291.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat         29241.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                309.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys              38.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  3.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits            201779                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               37                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          58.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          8.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              154946.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             58.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15410319072                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT  16897380772                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0        184234176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1        205501968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     184726483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     221533401.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0        124284960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1        138632280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2     124617072.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3        149447136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0    197234918.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1       239249088                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    199599129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    289436659.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   112281707.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   112291246.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   112338938.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3   112301614.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 11354079286.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 11399065090.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 11160466957.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 12029079214.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0  73084293216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  73044831984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  73254128592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3  72492188016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   108900446349.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   108983609741.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   108879915258.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   109138024126.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     78.681492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     78.741579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     78.666658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     78.853144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total            7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          79502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               79502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          79502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total               93956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           25                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  35412074000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.554733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.845785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     22.22%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     22.22%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     55.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean             4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     29.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               90.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 2724005692.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   90.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32305866616                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        1833228                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           2143411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           2277676.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           2180908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           2149459.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                1445952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           1536528.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2           1471248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                1450032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          8232806.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          8857305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               8269248                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          8192870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         3722526.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         3776025.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         3676492.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         3606405.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       6945193618.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       6948357036.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       6948304067.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       6947076697.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        76951736784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        76948961856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        76949008320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3        76950084960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         107756513184                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         107757804513.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         107756948370.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         107756598509.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.854991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.855924                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.855305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.855053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     89182660                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     26321135                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        41251                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        40153                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        42164                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        40807                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        42953                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        40055                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    115751178                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     89182660                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     89182660                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      6522729                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5169                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5245                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5225                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5535                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5155                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6554438                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     22295665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      7922681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        41251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        40153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        42164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        40807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        42953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        40055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total     30465729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      2308827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2633                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2590                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2324786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2517811617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    743100278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1164601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1133603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1190377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1152066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1212652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1130836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3267896031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2517811617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2517811617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    184150180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       151889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       145932                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       148077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       147513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       156265                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       145536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    185045390                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2517811617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    927250458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1316490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1279534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1338454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1299579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1368917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1276372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3452941421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1360812                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1360812                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         3140                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         3140                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       340203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       340203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data          785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total          785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     38418548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       38418548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        88649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total         88649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     38507196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      38507196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               340203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                 785                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             340203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts               785                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM        10810848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ            75648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten            14304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1360812                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          3140                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ            2364                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        41577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        41633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        42267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        41605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        28597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        42878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        72166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            53117177500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         340203                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2           785                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           337839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       143689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.337374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.653536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    38.214236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63        24620     17.13%     17.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95        80235     55.84%     72.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127        15837     11.02%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159        16016     11.15%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2630      1.83%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3177      2.21%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          413      0.29%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287          547      0.38%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::288-319           57      0.04%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::320-351          124      0.09%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::352-383           13      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-415           15      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::416-447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       143689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12105.925926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10973.897857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5208.282759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.70%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      7.41%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      7.41%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.70%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.41%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.70%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.70%     40.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.70%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.70%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.70%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.70%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            3     11.11%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            2      7.41%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            3     11.11%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            2      7.41%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.555556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.529184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.974022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     74.07%     74.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            6     22.22%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat            4250463661                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat       9976834711                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat          1081084800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat              12581.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         29531.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                305.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              38.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  3.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits            194547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               50                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          57.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         10.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              155774.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             57.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15485487289                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  16822212555                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     174851308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1        207506880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     182869142.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3        232923600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0        117955248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1        139984800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2        123364104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3        157131000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    171884044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    245629862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2       189393984                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3       312631488                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   112324008.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   112282122.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   112324423.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   112289172.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 10820510475.839998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 11579433482.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 11003061375.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 12299273988.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0  73552336032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1  72886614096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2  73392203664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  72255175056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   108793899203.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   109015489328.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   108847254778.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   109213462390.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     78.604511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     78.764612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     78.643061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     78.907649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     89791220                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     26458043                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        41867                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        38942                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        41455                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        43586                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        39530                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        40119                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    116494762                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     89791220                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     89791220                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      6552989                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5476                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5066                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5359                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5678                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5027                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6584827                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     22447805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      7971422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        41867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        38942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        41455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        43586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        39530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        40119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     30664726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      2323694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2701                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2339716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2534992529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    746965475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1181992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1099413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1170361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1230523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1116014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1132643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3288888950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2534992529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2534992529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    185004482                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       154599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       143024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       151296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       160302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       141923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       147710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    185903335                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2534992529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    931969957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1336591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1242437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1321656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1390825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1257937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1280353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3474792285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data        14455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        43364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        21682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total               108411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total            7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          93956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               93956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          93956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data        14455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        43364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        21682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total              202368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         15                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                      120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  3840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   3840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  35401156000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                  120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.967742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.410777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.492818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     12.90%     12.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     12.90%     25.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     74.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.327956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     3735760                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                5769760                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    384000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    31131.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               48081.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     36.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                     105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 1264327000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   82.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32305060113                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2639731                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           2101075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                2367792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           2072649.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                2286144                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                1417392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                1597320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                1398216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                1542240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          7966233.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          9089932.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          7803993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          8697062.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         3772293.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         3931960.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         3533414.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         3901685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       6944382175.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       6948804481.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       6946537541.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       6948135256.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        76952448576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1        76948569360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2        76950557904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3        76949156400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         107756125830.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         107758398932.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         107755941804.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         107757756873.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.854711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.856353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.854578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.855889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                 10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        21682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        36137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                72274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        36137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total           43364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks         151776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              151776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks         151776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        21682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         7227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        36137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              224050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                         10                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  2560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   2560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                5376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  35439889000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   80                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                 168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           39                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.487179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.504481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.457685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            8     20.51%     20.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      2.56%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     15.38%     38.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           24     61.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           39                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.571429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.219036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0                3     42.86%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     14.29%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1996000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                3352000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     31.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    139                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               82.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 1143222225.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   84.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   32303503277                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        4196567                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           2223849.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           2082326.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           2128291.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                2261952                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                1500216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                1404744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                1435752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                1525920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          8509862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               7932288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          8035123.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               8626176                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         3911639.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         3540049.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         3596866.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         3772293.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       6946021532.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       6945075368.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       6946154392.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       6948204805.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        76951010544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        76951840512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        76950894000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3        76949095392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         107757215728.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         107755913374.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         107756282510.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         107757524623.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.855499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.854558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.854824                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.855722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      1370284                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      1370284                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         3208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         3208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       342571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       342571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data          802                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total          802                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     38685962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       38685962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        90568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total         90568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     38776530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      38776530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               342571                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                 802                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             342571                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts               802                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        10951264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ            11008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            14464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          1370284                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          3208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             344                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        26664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1        51915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2        51661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        43991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4        37165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        28481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        27569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7        74781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap            53175857500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         342571                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2           802                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           342227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       139311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.714014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.115349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.269047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63        22769     16.34%     16.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95        71626     51.41%     67.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127        22720     16.31%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159        12242      8.79%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2523      1.81%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6308      4.53%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          384      0.28%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287          521      0.37%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319           66      0.05%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::320-351           93      0.07%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::352-383           31      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-415           19      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::416-447            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       139311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12613.444444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11675.955306                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5032.324102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      7.41%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      7.41%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.70%     18.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.70%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.70%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     11.11%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.70%     40.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      7.41%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.70%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.70%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.70%     59.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.70%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2      7.41%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.70%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      3.70%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.70%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.70%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.740741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.713421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.984206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           17     62.96%     62.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10     37.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat            4093522275                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat       9894269925                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          1095126400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              11961.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         28911.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                309.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              38.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  3.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               24.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits            203302                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits               66                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          59.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate         14.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap              154863.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             59.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15583525890                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  16724173954                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     202655174.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1        211867488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     171936777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3        212484384                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0        136711824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1        142926480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2        115989096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3        143342640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    225317414.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    249901516.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    169539801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    299630822.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   112299955.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   112301199.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   112241064.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   112364651.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 11571605896.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 11913701382.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 10814766900.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 12328746399.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  72893480400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  72593396640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2  73557374256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3  72229322064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   108986108749.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   109068132792                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   108785885981.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   109169929046.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     78.743384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     78.802647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     78.598721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     78.876196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     88282152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     26076562                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        40474                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        42398                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        43086                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        41179                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        44626                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        43150                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    114613627                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     88282152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     88282152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      6459799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5109                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5141                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5366                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5236                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5396                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6491471                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     22070538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      7845544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        40474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        42398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        43086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        41179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        44626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        43150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     30170995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      2285080                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2301020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2492388407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    736195475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1142665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1196984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1216407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1162569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1259885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1218214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3235780604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2492388407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2492388407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    182373535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       144238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       145141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       151493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       147823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       152340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       153103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           28                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    183267701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2492388407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    918569010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1286903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1342125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1367901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1310392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1412225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1371317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3419048306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1315464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      1315464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         3348                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         3348                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       328866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       328866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data          837                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total          837                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     37138279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       37138279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        94521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total         94521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     37232800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      37232800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               328866                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                 837                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             328866                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts               837                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        10475424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ            48288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            14496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          1315464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          3348                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ            1509                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        36313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        49912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2        31002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        41517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        33731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        24152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        51285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7        59445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap            53146932000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         328866                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2           837                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           327357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       132235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.327863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.264684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.843237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63        21988     16.63%     16.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95        68949     52.14%     68.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127        16777     12.69%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159        14833     11.22%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3790      2.87%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3864      2.92%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255          691      0.52%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1031      0.78%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319          133      0.10%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-351          145      0.11%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::352-383           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-415           21      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       132235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 11946.777778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11223.071420                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4342.775037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.70%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.70%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     14.81%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.41%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.70%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     11.11%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.70%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.70%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      7.41%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      7.41%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            2      7.41%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.70%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.70%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.777778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.746923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.050031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           17     62.96%     62.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     33.33%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat            3901030825                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat       9449731975                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          1047542400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              11916.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         28866.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                295.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              37.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  2.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              2.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits            195523                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits               52                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          59.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate         11.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap              161196.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             59.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16139024417                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   3112264800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16168675427                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     187178342.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     184307961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     174588825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     226804233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0        126271104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1        124334736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2        117778176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3        153002856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    202332748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1       188832384                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2       173067648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3       333163584                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   112353454.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   112361333.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   112274242.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   112293319.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 23844038085.120003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 11127875123.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 10994055448.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 10897321596.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 12281926380.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0  73282717920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1  73400103600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2  73484957856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  72270392256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   108882766777.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   108848033548.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   108804026429.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   109221620714.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.668719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.643624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.611828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     78.913543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     87708740                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     25948532                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        41856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        43915                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        44570                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        42209                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        40392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        43979                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    113914193                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     87708740                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     87708740                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      6437426                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5162                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5241                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5354                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5076                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4875                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5330                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      6468464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     21927185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      7799330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        41856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        43915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        44570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        42209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        40392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        43979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total     29983436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      2272280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2550                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2287895                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2476199795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    732580922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1181682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1239812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1258304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1191648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1140350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1241618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3216034131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2476199795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2476199795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    181741899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       145734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       147964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       151155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       143306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       137631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       150477                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    182618166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2476199795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    914322821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1327416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1387776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1409458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1334954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1277981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1392095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3398652297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2059201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2059201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              91                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                25                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               25                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      4377190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4377378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4377378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      2361918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2362294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2362294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1029600500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2059883000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127703000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63851500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2029500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       832000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       821998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        12500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       412500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         6842                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       137258                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         6535                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        11852                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        64492                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       308999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        11500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        27000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         1498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                         13384                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       149111                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                        13369                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 75493                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      149105                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               334000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               86490                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             335999                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             3215                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3498    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               62500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  94                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1159328500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             2187049                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2124192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            2187020                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2059138                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2059138                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              76                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            15                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             91                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       134034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       131610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       136042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       147208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       136148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       138424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       138736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       131170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1093491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       136843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       130040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       136424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       146630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       134304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       138230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       138754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       132142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1093497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       133987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       131248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       135778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       147532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       136080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       138554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       139026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       131194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1093493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       136842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       130144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       136828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       146262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       134562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       137886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       138692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       132178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1093494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               4373975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        70785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        69927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        71801                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        77591                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        72067                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        73100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        73418                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        69554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       591299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        72351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        68932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        72052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        77194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        70956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        72925                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        73547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        69920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       590933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        71032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        69530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        71831                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        77912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        71850                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        73393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        73497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        69515                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       590080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        72417                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        68948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        72275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        77046                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        71301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        72861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        73135                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        70103                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       589606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                2361918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2468276399                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5045978364                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272277800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    178854000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1156200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       106400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       127309                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        35000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       242728                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        13491                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           41                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1043                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      3493200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        44500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       286600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         3500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp          900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        14534                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                          46                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       14534                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime              3779800                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                         45                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime               48000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime            3779800                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             48900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             181200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             221200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             167600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 34                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             158600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 39                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             211800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 37                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             159600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 34                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             141200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          339538600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             270853                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          328364600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             261521                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         341288600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            272536                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         367331600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            293816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         339122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            270547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy         346368999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded            276547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         347953800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            277604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy         330524400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded            263342                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1306168765                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            546729                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1306560972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            546735                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1306151304                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            546730                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1306321360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            546732                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2059138                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2059138                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           76                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           91                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           25                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1093491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1093497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1093493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1093494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      4373975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       591299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       590933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       590080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       589606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      2361918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1647310400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1853360600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114904800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102137600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       492000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        60800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        72800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       100000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        14936                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1223                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      6744995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       528499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 16159                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                16158                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime       7273094                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      7273494                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    440711700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       546762                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    440677000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       546762                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    440718000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       546763                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    440693300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       546762                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1955671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      2186926                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2072162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2072161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       730823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       734987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       735967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       726855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       734496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       725760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4401451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       221952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       617069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       639791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       195584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       559354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       188416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       559190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       214272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       577814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       192256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       605315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       189696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5081510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1036280600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2341282545                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127715974                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63853995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     64936496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       840000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       827998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        61496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       106997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4682488                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         9452                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          308                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         6552                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           98                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          121                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           43                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     66921993                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4540987                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     10459498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2940499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1079000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1486000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        48500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       827499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       118500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        16357                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         320                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                       14461                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             46486496                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 2186766                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           83714489                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           4707987                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            7367                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            18548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 18548    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              18548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1230715065                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2205408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          28185977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               867                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         392418434                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            365799                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             38998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          28833480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               887                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         397923420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            367905                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             28499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         24831497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              764                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        392375419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           368489                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            30499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               30                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         23924491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              736                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        386338443                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           363883                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            30499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               30                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         27209485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              837                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        391516940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           367685                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            58499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               58                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         24412985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              751                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        391097459                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           363323                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            59998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               59                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         24088987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              741                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         12498997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              475                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              22070538                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              10465145                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            334521                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                70841408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           21031043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             21031173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17444509                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                130                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2423321                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            17444509                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     31643663                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12735351                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     87631638                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13211873                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             10465145                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts            8179373                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           2285772                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                  3586794                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10566028     50.24%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8179373     38.89%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2285772     10.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          21031173                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       333829                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       333829    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       333829                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          692                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          692    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          692                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 37710138.378989                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24415827.540191                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          479     13.53%     13.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           74      2.09%     15.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           89      2.51%     18.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          107      3.02%     21.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          157      4.43%     25.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          276      7.79%     33.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          287      8.11%     41.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          218      6.16%     47.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          156      4.41%     52.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          145      4.09%     56.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          205      5.79%     61.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          169      4.77%     66.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          192      5.42%     72.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          155      4.38%     76.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          132      3.73%     80.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          110      3.11%     83.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          140      3.95%     87.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          162      4.57%     91.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          264      7.46%     99.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           24      0.68%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 37698742.520758      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           1335316                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 78170.008472                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 389045.820161                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-262143         3323     93.84%     93.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-524287           72      2.03%     95.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-786431            0      0.00%     95.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-1.04858e+06           40      1.13%     97.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.31072e+06           21      0.59%     97.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.31072e+06-1.57286e+06            0      0.00%     97.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-1.83501e+06           42      1.19%     98.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.83501e+06-2.09715e+06            8      0.23%     99.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.3593e+06            0      0.00%     99.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.3593e+06-2.62144e+06           16      0.45%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.03%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.88358e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.40787e+06            9      0.25%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.40787e+06-3.67002e+06            1      0.03%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-3.93216e+06            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.93216e+06-4.1943e+06            5      0.14%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.45645e+06            1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.45645e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-4.98074e+06            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.98074e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 78146.385797      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2768                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       333829                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36989.588981                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32932.920513                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23264.147618                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          346      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       194244     58.19%     58.29% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        68708     20.58%     78.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        53367     15.99%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          102      0.03%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           96      0.03%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2080      0.62%     95.54% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12764      3.82%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2114      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       333829                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          692                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          692    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          692                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       333829                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   159161.292159                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30884436.465566                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          178      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            5      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            3      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       104189     31.21%     31.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        23687      7.10%     38.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          104      0.03%     38.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       127553     38.21%     76.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2418      0.72%     77.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           40      0.01%     77.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        53374     15.99%     93.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           94      0.03%     93.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           93      0.03%     93.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           41      0.01%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           46      0.01%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           56      0.02%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           23      0.01%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21891      6.56%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17837781000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        333829                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          692                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 78245962.427746                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 739833032.391663                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          183     26.45%     26.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     26.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     26.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          104     15.03%     41.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     41.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     41.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     41.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          160     23.12%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     64.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          245     35.40%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  19265690000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          692                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        334521                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     158832.046419                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30852474.981946                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          544      0.16%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          279      0.08%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          304      0.09%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       104189     31.15%     31.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        23692      7.08%     38.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     38.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       127398     38.08%     76.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2418      0.72%     77.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           77      0.02%     77.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        53369     15.95%     93.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          117      0.03%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           57      0.02%     93.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           43      0.01%     93.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           58      0.02%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           33      0.01%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           23      0.01%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21885      6.54%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17837781000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          334521                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.354137                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.478319                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2287     64.59%     64.59% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1254     35.41%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000282                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.016805                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3540     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean    94.275346                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    61.039213                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          516     14.57%     14.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          124      3.50%     18.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          181      5.11%     23.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          385     10.87%     34.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          395     11.16%     45.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          257      7.26%     52.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          253      7.14%     59.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          287      8.11%     67.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          265      7.48%     75.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          196      5.54%     80.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          189      5.34%     86.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          273      7.71%     93.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          220      6.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.195425                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.972615                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           3323     93.84%     93.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1             72      2.03%     95.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             40      1.13%     97.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             21      0.59%     97.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             42      1.19%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              8      0.23%     99.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             16      0.45%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.03%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              9      0.25%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.03%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             5      0.14%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     30504824                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     30504824                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2301712                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2301712                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave       669042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     20261248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     20930290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     44141076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     44141076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       541706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       541706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total      65613072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1338084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     32536361                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     33874445                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     88282152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     88282152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       286585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       286585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      122443182                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  15252412000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  32493773600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2301712000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1544203000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11930398                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20208161                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       144759                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       331507                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1191813000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9830058000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5365000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     66302400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             12075157                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            20539668                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           270853                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               32641                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     16787000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          270853                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail               1532                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       314900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1197178000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9896360400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    167606500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       334521                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17386517500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         49.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     32472015                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11124262400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10465145                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  22601139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         63.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     22070538                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    312575200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       270853                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              22447805                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              10624819                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            329703                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                70841408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           21388420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             21388578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17729586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                158                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2469902                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            17729586                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     32138436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12935074                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     89066598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13448708                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             10624819                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts            8300288                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           2324531                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                  3659150                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10763759     50.32%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8300288     38.81%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2324531     10.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          21388578                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       328866                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       328866    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       328866                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          837                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          837    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          837                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 37145552.103925                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24310855.393350                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          515     14.54%     14.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           71      2.01%     16.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           78      2.20%     18.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          102      2.88%     21.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          190      5.37%     27.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          275      7.77%     34.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          265      7.48%     42.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          164      4.63%     46.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          168      4.74%     51.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          157      4.43%     56.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          217      6.13%     62.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          213      6.02%     68.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          184      5.20%     73.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          135      3.81%     77.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          169      4.77%     81.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          118      3.33%     85.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          112      3.16%     88.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          131      3.70%     92.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          242      6.83%     99.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           35      0.99%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 37138279.352099      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           1315464                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 94549.562271                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 503688.319057                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06         3427     96.78%     96.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06           60      1.69%     98.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06           26      0.73%     99.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06           23      0.65%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 94520.989758      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3348                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       328866                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36333.792487                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32263.130667                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23097.998898                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383         1509      0.46%      0.46% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       195522     59.45%     59.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        69373     21.09%     81.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        45813     13.93%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           97      0.03%     94.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          126      0.04%     95.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2099      0.64%     95.64% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12280      3.73%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2038      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       328866                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          837                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          837    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          837                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       328866                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   161606.648301                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  31162747.481153                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         1126      0.34%      0.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           65      0.02%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           59      0.02%      0.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       103990     31.62%     32.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        24909      7.57%     39.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          184      0.06%     39.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       128536     39.08%     78.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2300      0.70%     79.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           48      0.01%     79.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        45805     13.93%     93.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          115      0.03%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           94      0.03%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           44      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           44      0.01%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           53      0.02%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           49      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21400      6.51%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17863925500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        328866                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          837                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 62948084.826762                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 638514229.811478                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          267     31.90%     31.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     31.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     31.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          182     21.74%     53.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          120     14.34%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     67.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          268     32.02%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18269103500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          837                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        329703                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     161196.385838                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    31123165.951353                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         1660      0.50%      0.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          385      0.12%      0.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          327      0.10%      0.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       103990     31.54%     32.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        24911      7.56%     39.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            2      0.00%     39.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       128414     38.95%     78.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2300      0.70%     79.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           91      0.03%     79.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        45803     13.89%     93.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           45      0.01%     93.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          144      0.04%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           52      0.02%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           46      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           60      0.02%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           24      0.01%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           49      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21399      6.49%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17863925500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          329703                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.335216                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.472133                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2354     66.48%     66.48% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1187     33.52%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3541    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean    92.863598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    60.773129                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          542     15.31%     15.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          125      3.53%     18.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          182      5.14%     23.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          395     11.16%     35.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          363     10.25%     45.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          232      6.55%     51.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          275      7.77%     59.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          345      9.74%     69.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          235      6.64%     76.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          227      6.41%     82.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          176      4.97%     87.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          225      6.35%     93.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          219      6.18%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.236374                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.259221                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         3391     95.76%     95.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           53      1.50%     97.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           43      1.21%     98.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           26      0.73%     99.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           14      0.40%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            9      0.25%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            3      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     30993592                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     30993592                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2340553                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2340553                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave       659406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     20590232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     21249638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     44895610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     44895610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       523042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       523042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total      66668290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1318812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     33011032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     34329844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     89791220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     89791220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       277337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       277337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      124398401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  15496796000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  33011332800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2340553000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1572334900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12123906                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20558102                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       141921                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       326635                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1210090000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  10009060900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5418500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     65327000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             12265827                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            20884737                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           261521                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               32074                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     16415500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          261521                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail               1769                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       361300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1215508500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  10074387900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    165270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       329703                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17672079000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         49.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     33004442                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11297312100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10624819                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  22985036600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         64.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     22447805                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    301319000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       261521                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access              21927185                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access              10414983                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            343373                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                70841408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts           20891492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps             20891652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17339225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2402033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            17339225                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads     31476812                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12664030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     87100659                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13111226                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs             10414983                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts            8141901                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts           2273082                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                  3552587                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10476669     50.15%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8141901     38.97%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2273082     10.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total          20891652                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       342571                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       342571    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       342571                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          802    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 38697656.029370                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24792721.905350                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          472     13.33%     13.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           71      2.01%     15.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           87      2.46%     17.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          117      3.30%     21.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          162      4.57%     25.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          206      5.82%     31.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          284      8.02%     39.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          226      6.38%     45.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          145      4.09%     49.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          156      4.41%     54.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          179      5.06%     59.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          206      5.82%     65.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          213      6.02%     71.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          135      3.81%     75.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          130      3.67%     78.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          123      3.47%     82.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          125      3.53%     85.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          150      4.24%     90.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          302      8.53%     98.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           52      1.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 38685961.747118      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           1370284                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 90595.876871                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 442609.379600                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         3380     95.45%     95.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           39      1.10%     96.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           21      0.59%     97.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           58      1.64%     98.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           19      0.54%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.06%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           12      0.34%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 90568.499147      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3208                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       342571                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36494.237691                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32532.037179                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23117.106194                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          344      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       203302     59.35%     59.45% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        74021     21.61%     81.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        47530     13.87%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          105      0.03%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          105      0.03%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1989      0.58%     95.57% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12902      3.77%     99.34% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2266      0.66%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       342571                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          802                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          802    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          802                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       342571                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   155225.799907                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30495650.566137                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          118      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            7      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       112832     32.94%     32.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        24987      7.29%     40.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          142      0.04%     40.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       132047     38.55%     78.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2369      0.69%     79.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           62      0.02%     79.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        47510     13.87%     93.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           39      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          111      0.03%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          107      0.03%     93.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           42      0.01%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           47      0.01%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           64      0.02%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22053      6.44%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17842291500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        342571                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          802                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 66200788.653367                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 638482884.707465                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          236     29.43%     29.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     29.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     29.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          141     17.58%     47.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     47.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     47.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     47.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          161     20.07%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     67.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          264     32.92%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  17891149000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          802                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        343373                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     154863.246382                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30460015.133989                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          590      0.17%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          316      0.09%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          310      0.09%      0.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       112832     32.86%     33.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        24993      7.28%     40.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       131894     38.41%     78.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2369      0.69%     79.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          106      0.03%     79.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        47504     13.83%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           39      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          142      0.04%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           65      0.02%     93.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           49      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           53      0.02%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           33      0.01%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           30      0.01%     93.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22046      6.42%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17842291500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          343373                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.358938                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.479757                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2270     64.11%     64.11% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1271     35.89%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000282                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.016805                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3540     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean    96.744140                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    61.989420                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          507     14.32%     14.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          121      3.42%     17.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          195      5.51%     23.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          314      8.87%     32.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          405     11.44%     43.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          248      7.00%     50.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          249      7.03%     57.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          316      8.92%     66.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          269      7.60%     74.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          193      5.45%     79.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          186      5.25%     84.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          249      7.03%     91.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          289      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.226490                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.106523                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         3380     95.45%     95.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           60      1.69%     97.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           58      1.64%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           21      0.59%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           12      0.34%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            6      0.17%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            2      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     30326007                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     30326007                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2288697                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2288697                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave       686746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     20143220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     20829966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     43854370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     43854370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       545072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       545072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total      65229408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1373492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     32385958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     33759450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     87708740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     87708740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       287959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       287959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total      121756149                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  15163003500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  32304551600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2288697000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1533381700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11858387                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20072373                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       149508                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       340081                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1185154500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9756572300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5337500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     68017700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq             12007895                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            20412454                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           272536                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               32596                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     16756500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          272536                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail               1360                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       277500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1190492000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9824590000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    172087500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       343373                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17279613000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         48.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     32271331                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11066207400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10414983                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  22456959000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         63.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     21927185                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    314766900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       272536                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              21294441                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access              10157402                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            355476                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                70841408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           20300061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             20300223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     16874361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                162                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2321814                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            16874361                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     30677419                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12346693                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     84755553                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     12714217                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs             10157402                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts            7951628                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           2205774                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  3426024                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10142821     49.96%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead         7951628     39.17%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2205774     10.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          20300223                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       354650                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       354650    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       354650                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          826                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          826    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          826                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 40057836.769274                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24950523.669140                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          467     13.19%     13.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           50      1.41%     14.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           87      2.46%     17.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           83      2.34%     19.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          147      4.15%     23.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          222      6.27%     29.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          250      7.06%     36.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          202      5.70%     42.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          179      5.06%     47.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          154      4.35%     51.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          199      5.62%     57.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          175      4.94%     62.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          201      5.68%     68.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          156      4.41%     72.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          145      4.09%     76.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          125      3.53%     80.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          132      3.73%     83.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          203      5.73%     89.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          343      9.69%     99.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           21      0.59%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 40050022.721175      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           1418600                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 93306.975431                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 448037.583963                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         3376     95.34%     95.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           47      1.33%     96.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.45%     97.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           58      1.64%     98.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           18      0.51%     99.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.03%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           14      0.40%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.17%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 93278.778423      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3304                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       354650                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37144.192866                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 33060.696664                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23308.692410                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-32767       204938     57.79%     57.79% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535       131493     37.08%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          216      0.06%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071        15818      4.46%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2177      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       354650                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          826                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          826    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          826                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       354650                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   149982.510926                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  29938797.434162                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          184      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            2      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       113351     31.96%     32.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        23790      6.71%     38.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          149      0.04%     38.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       132461     37.35%     76.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2402      0.68%     76.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           45      0.01%     76.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        58812     16.58%     93.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           32      0.01%     93.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          108      0.03%     93.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           99      0.03%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           41      0.01%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           47      0.01%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           51      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           42      0.01%     93.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        23031      6.49%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17822824500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        354650                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          826                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 64862200.363196                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 646652159.991032                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          245     29.66%     29.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     29.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     29.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          150     18.16%     47.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     47.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     47.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     47.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          151     18.28%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          280     33.90%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18418423000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          826                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        355476                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     149634.004827                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    29903992.651991                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          674      0.19%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          308      0.09%      0.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            4      0.00%      0.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          310      0.09%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       113351     31.89%     32.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        23797      6.69%     38.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     38.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       132314     37.22%     76.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2402      0.68%     76.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           87      0.02%     76.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        58805     16.54%     93.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           32      0.01%     93.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          138      0.04%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           58      0.02%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           49      0.01%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           60      0.02%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           21      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           42      0.01%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        23020      6.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17822824500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          355476                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.358938                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.479757                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2270     64.11%     64.11% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1271     35.89%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000282                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.016805                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3540     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean   100.144310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.388769                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          497     14.04%     14.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          107      3.02%     17.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          162      4.57%     21.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          308      8.70%     30.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          354     10.00%     40.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          278      7.85%     48.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          242      6.83%     55.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          309      8.73%     63.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          270      7.62%     71.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          217      6.13%     77.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          193      5.45%     82.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          328      9.26%     92.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          276      7.79%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.233267                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.120094                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           3292     92.97%     92.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1             84      2.37%     95.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2             47      1.33%     96.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3             16      0.45%     97.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4             47      1.33%     98.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5             11      0.31%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6             18      0.51%     99.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.03%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8             13      0.37%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.03%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.17%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             3      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     29523746                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     29523746                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2221913                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2221913                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave       710952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     19603852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     20314804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     42588882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     42588882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       587632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       587632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total      63491318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1421904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     31653308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     33075212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     85177764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     85177764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       309743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       309743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total      118562719                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  14761873000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  31456439000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2221913000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1484201300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11541411                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     19486313                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       154620                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       352118                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1154406500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9450889600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5415500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     70424600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq             11696031                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            19838431                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           293816                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               34722                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     17830000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          293816                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail               1283                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       263100                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1159822000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9521314200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    178151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       355476                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  16805635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         47.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     31390183                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  10787333000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         30.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10157402                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  21813466600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         61.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     21294441                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    339840700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       293816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              22209479                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access              10534233                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            339117                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                70841409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           21161011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             21161149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17554145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                138                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2437335                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            17554145                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     31848273                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12815430                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     88182213                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13291161                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs             10534233                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts            8232922                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           2301311                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841409                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  3607142                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10626916     50.22%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8232922     38.91%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2301311     10.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          21161149                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       338259                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       338259    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       338259                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          858    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          858                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 38206495.340299                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25079551.006798                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          500     14.12%     14.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           80      2.26%     16.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           91      2.57%     18.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           95      2.68%     21.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          163      4.60%     26.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          239      6.75%     32.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          290      8.19%     41.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          179      5.06%     46.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          167      4.72%     50.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          168      4.74%     55.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          186      5.25%     60.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          187      5.28%     66.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          193      5.45%     71.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          135      3.81%     75.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          132      3.73%     79.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           93      2.63%     81.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          125      3.53%     85.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          149      4.21%     89.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          305      8.61%     98.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           64      1.81%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 38199014.903826      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes           1353036                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 96921.773510                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 490363.766545                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         3374     95.28%     95.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           44      1.24%     96.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           26      0.73%     97.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           53      1.50%     98.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           17      0.48%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           11      0.31%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            9      0.25%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            2      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 96892.484125      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3432                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       338259                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36076.110318                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32164.548080                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 22980.703795                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-32767       204513     60.46%     60.46% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535       116727     34.51%     94.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          218      0.06%     95.03% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071        14536      4.30%     99.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2256      0.67%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       338259                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          858                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          858    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          858                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       338259                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   157172.500953                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30636568.019697                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          355      0.10%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           29      0.01%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           27      0.01%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       111641     33.00%     33.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        25965      7.68%     40.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          153      0.05%     40.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       133996     39.61%     80.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2361      0.70%     81.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           55      0.02%     81.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        41545     12.28%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           54      0.02%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           96      0.03%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           81      0.02%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           53      0.02%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           48      0.01%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           59      0.02%     93.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           36      0.01%     93.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21705      6.42%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17811188500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        338259                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          858                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 61510865.967366                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 616807162.351809                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          229     26.69%     26.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     26.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     26.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          153     17.83%     44.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     44.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     44.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     44.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          197     22.96%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     67.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          279     32.52%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  17836418000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          858                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        339117                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     156774.759154                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30597739.384849                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          813      0.24%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          391      0.12%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            4      0.00%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          400      0.12%      0.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       111641     32.92%     33.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        25967      7.66%     41.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     41.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       133795     39.45%     80.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2361      0.70%     81.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           89      0.03%     81.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        41543     12.25%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           54      0.02%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          121      0.04%     93.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           49      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           58      0.02%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           66      0.02%     93.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           33      0.01%     93.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           36      0.01%     93.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21695      6.40%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17811161500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          339117                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.345665                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.475652                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2317     65.43%     65.43% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1224     34.57%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3541    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    95.515956                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.682899                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          538     15.19%     15.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          132      3.73%     18.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          160      4.52%     23.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          356     10.05%     33.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          378     10.67%     44.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          253      7.14%     51.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          276      7.79%     59.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          286      8.08%     67.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          256      7.23%     74.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          188      5.31%     79.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          169      4.77%     84.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          248      7.00%     91.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          301      8.50%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.242304                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.225909                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         3374     95.28%     95.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           70      1.98%     97.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           53      1.50%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           17      0.48%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           11      0.31%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            9      0.25%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            3      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            2      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     30697107                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     30697108                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2317151                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2317151                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       678234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     20390232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     21068466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     44418957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     44418957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       541094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       541094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total      66028517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave      1356468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     32746353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     34102821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     88837916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     88837916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       286174                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       286174                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total      123226911                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  15348553500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  32698368800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2317151000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1554096100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12005979                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20333830                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       146999                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       335897                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1199760000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9890193100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5292000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     67180900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq             12152978                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            20669727                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           270547                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail               33089                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     16998500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          270547                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail               1295                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       265500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1205052000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9957374000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    169987500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       339117                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17495717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         49.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     32675141                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11196202100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10534233                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  22744086400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         64.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     22209479                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    312176400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       270547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              21871559                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access              10387886                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            340988                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                70841408                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           20843124                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             20843264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17298864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                140                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2396779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            17298864                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     31399291                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12636430                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     86896695                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13083001                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs             10387886                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts            8122301                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           2265585                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  3544540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10455378     50.16%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8122301     38.97%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2265585     10.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          20843264                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       340203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       340203    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       340203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          785                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          785    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          785                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 38425981.361197                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24347494.735998                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          458     12.93%     12.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           74      2.09%     15.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           88      2.49%     17.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           89      2.51%     20.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          175      4.94%     24.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          233      6.58%     31.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          306      8.64%     40.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          190      5.37%     45.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          168      4.74%     50.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          155      4.38%     54.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          204      5.76%     60.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          212      5.99%     66.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          196      5.54%     71.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          128      3.61%     75.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          149      4.21%     79.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          104      2.94%     82.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          141      3.98%     86.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          157      4.43%     91.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          301      8.50%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           13      0.37%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 38418547.525199      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1360812                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 88675.515391                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 421188.756271                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         3378     95.40%     95.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           43      1.21%     96.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           27      0.76%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           52      1.47%     98.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           21      0.59%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.03%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            8      0.23%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            7      0.20%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 88648.717993      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3140                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       340203                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36918.172385                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32667.155399                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23300.960707                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-32767       196910     57.88%     57.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535       125872     37.00%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          208      0.06%     94.94% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071        15205      4.47%     99.41% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         1996      0.59%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       340203                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          785                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          785    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          785                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       340203                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   156133.771601                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30554540.020521                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         2167      0.64%      0.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            6      0.00%      0.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            7      0.00%      0.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       107737     31.67%     32.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        20268      5.96%     38.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          122      0.04%     38.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       129830     38.16%     76.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2575      0.76%     77.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           69      0.02%     77.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        54848     16.12%     93.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           96      0.03%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          103      0.03%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           41      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           43      0.01%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           41      0.01%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22168      6.52%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17815013500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        340203                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 67705940.764331                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 655147656.167913                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          205     26.11%     26.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     26.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     26.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          122     15.54%     41.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     41.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     41.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     41.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          174     22.17%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     63.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          284     36.18%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18161870500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        340988                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     155774.330768                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30519348.354340                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         2577      0.76%      0.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          320      0.09%      0.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          349      0.10%      0.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       107737     31.60%     32.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        20276      5.95%     38.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     38.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       129652     38.02%     76.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2575      0.76%     77.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          111      0.03%     77.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        54840     16.08%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           48      0.01%     93.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          120      0.04%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           61      0.02%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           49      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           60      0.02%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           17      0.00%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22160      6.50%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17815013500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          340988                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.354420                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.478405                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2286     64.56%     64.56% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1255     35.44%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3541    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean    96.064671                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    60.864757                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          486     13.72%     13.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          136      3.84%     17.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          179      5.06%     22.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          338      9.55%     32.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          408     11.52%     43.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          260      7.34%     51.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          248      7.00%     58.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          330      9.32%     67.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          258      7.29%     74.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          204      5.76%     80.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          187      5.28%     85.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          276      7.79%     93.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          231      6.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.221689                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.052972                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0           3292     92.97%     92.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1             86      2.43%     95.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2             43      1.21%     96.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3             27      0.76%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4             49      1.38%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              3      0.08%     98.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6             21      0.59%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.03%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              7      0.20%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.03%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             7      0.20%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     30254451                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     30254451                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2281541                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2281541                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       681976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     20093796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     20775772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     43743118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     43743118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       553094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       553094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total      65071984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1363952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     32314731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     33678683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     87486236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     87486236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       292279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       292279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total      121457198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  15127225500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  32229182600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2281541000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1528802500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11831538                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20022208                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       147897                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       337906                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1182452500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9732022000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5357500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     67581700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq             11979435                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            20360114                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           276547                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail               33316                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     17119000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          276547                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail               1545                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       311500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1187810000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9799603700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    170886500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       340988                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17237880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         48.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     32195004                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11039093700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10387886                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  22399536200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         63.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     21871559                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    319355200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       276547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              21815442                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access              10368356                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            343453                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                70841406                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           20792939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             20793045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17261443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2389024                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            17261443                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     31337879                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12613408                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     86707329                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13047613                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs             10368356                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts            8109398                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           2258958                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841406                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  3531708                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10424689     50.14%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8109398     39.00%     89.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2258958     10.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          20793045                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       342753                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       342753    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       342753                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          700                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          700    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          700                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 38713809.658289                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24533299.488975                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          475     13.41%     13.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           67      1.89%     15.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           75      2.12%     17.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           88      2.49%     19.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          177      5.00%     24.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          242      6.83%     31.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          281      7.94%     39.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          196      5.54%     45.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          166      4.69%     49.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          150      4.24%     54.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          210      5.93%     60.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          179      5.06%     65.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          201      5.68%     70.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          146      4.12%     74.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          149      4.21%     79.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          120      3.39%     82.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          137      3.87%     86.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          174      4.91%     91.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          284      8.02%     99.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           24      0.68%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 38706514.698296      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes           1371012                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 79073.707992                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 407257.383934                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         3390     95.74%     95.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           48      1.36%     97.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           22      0.62%     97.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           52      1.47%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06            9      0.25%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.06%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            7      0.20%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            5      0.14%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            2      0.06%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 79049.812223      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2800                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       342753                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36821.741896                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32792.177245                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23195.798172                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          335      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       201778     58.87%     58.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        69313     20.22%     79.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        53842     15.71%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          113      0.03%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           95      0.03%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2127      0.62%     95.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13109      3.82%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2028      0.59%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       342753                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          700                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          700    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          700                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       342753                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   155262.484938                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30511127.414391                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          178      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            5      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            3      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       108109     31.54%     31.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        26307      7.68%     39.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          101      0.03%     39.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       129129     37.67%     76.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2316      0.68%     77.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           61      0.02%     77.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        53840     15.71%     93.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           79      0.02%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           98      0.03%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           45      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           54      0.02%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           52      0.02%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           23      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22309      6.51%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17856224500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total        342753                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          700                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 76689704.285714                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 708475336.255045                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          159     22.71%     22.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     22.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     22.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          100     14.29%     37.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     37.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     37.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     37.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          197     28.14%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          244     34.86%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18500220500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          700                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        343453                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     154946.040652                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30480017.846922                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          496      0.14%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          316      0.09%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          357      0.10%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       108109     31.48%     31.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        26310      7.66%     39.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     39.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       128928     37.54%     77.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2316      0.67%     77.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           87      0.03%     77.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        53837     15.68%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           44      0.01%     93.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           97      0.03%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           73      0.02%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           53      0.02%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           65      0.02%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           34      0.01%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           23      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22305      6.49%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17856224500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          343453                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.357809                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.479423                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2274     64.22%     64.22% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1267     35.78%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3541    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean    96.784524                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    61.323705                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          500     14.12%     14.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          115      3.25%     17.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          162      4.57%     21.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          361     10.19%     32.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          403     11.38%     43.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          238      6.72%     50.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          269      7.60%     57.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          301      8.50%     66.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          257      7.26%     73.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          218      6.16%     79.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          194      5.48%     85.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          289      8.16%     93.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          234      6.61%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.197684                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.018143                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           3322     93.82%     93.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1             68      1.92%     95.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2             48      1.36%     97.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3             22      0.62%     97.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4             43      1.21%     98.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              9      0.25%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              9      0.25%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              2      0.06%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              6      0.17%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.03%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             5      0.14%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             2      0.06%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     30186243                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     30186243                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2275159                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2275159                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       686906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     20049806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     20736712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     43630884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     43630884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       555208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       555208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total      64922804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave      1373812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     32268946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     33642758                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     87261768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     87261768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       293597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       293597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total      121198123                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  15093121500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  32157079200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2275159000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1523857300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11804132                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     19970531                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       148706                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       340343                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1179198500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9703148500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5410500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     68068600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq             11952838                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            20310874                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           277604                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail               33181                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     17029500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          277604                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               1187                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       242400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1184609000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9771217100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    172076500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       343453                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17196204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         48.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     32117949                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11017898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10368356                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  22342551800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         63.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     21815442                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    320486700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       277604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access              22295665                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access              10567236                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            335728                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                70841409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts           21243553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps             21243705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     17618059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                152                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2449051                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            17618059                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads     31954043                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes     12859277                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     88503858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     13348112                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs             10567236                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts            8257581                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts           2309655                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles          70841409                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                  3625798                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         10676469     50.26%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead         8257581     38.87%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2309655     10.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total          21243705                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       334900                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       334900    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       334900                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          828                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          828    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          828                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 37831121.152217                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24449528.148423                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          482     13.61%     13.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           82      2.32%     15.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           75      2.12%     18.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          109      3.08%     21.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          145      4.09%     25.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          276      7.79%     33.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          295      8.33%     41.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          185      5.22%     46.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          144      4.07%     50.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          168      4.74%     55.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          205      5.79%     61.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          219      6.18%     67.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          187      5.28%     72.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          154      4.35%     76.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          120      3.39%     80.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          132      3.73%     84.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          117      3.30%     87.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          133      3.76%     91.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          269      7.60%     98.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           44      1.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 37819688.733459      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes           1339600                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 93532.900311                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 460429.025987                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         3369     95.14%     95.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           59      1.67%     96.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           15      0.42%     97.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           56      1.58%     98.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           22      0.62%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            2      0.06%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            8      0.23%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.11%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 93504.635029      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3312                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       334900                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36164.673037                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32220.852790                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23019.768424                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          564      0.17%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       203096     60.64%     60.81% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        69857     20.86%     81.67% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        44520     13.29%     94.96% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           94      0.03%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           77      0.02%     95.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2217      0.66%     95.68% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12429      3.71%     99.39% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2036      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       334900                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          828                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          828    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          828                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       334900                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   158782.794864                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30809413.770548                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          331      0.10%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           13      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           13      0.00%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       109772     32.78%     32.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        26693      7.97%     40.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          144      0.04%     40.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       129009     38.52%     79.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2301      0.69%     80.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           61      0.02%     80.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        44544     13.30%     93.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           54      0.02%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          101      0.03%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          111      0.03%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           48      0.01%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           35      0.01%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           41      0.01%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           21      0.01%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21608      6.45%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17822673500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total        334900                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          828                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 63986709.541063                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 632438333.776883                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          235     28.38%     28.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          143     17.27%     45.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     45.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     45.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     45.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          160     19.32%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     64.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          290     35.02%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18017037000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          828                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        335728                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     158391.191679                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30771396.903616                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          801      0.24%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          329      0.10%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          340      0.10%      0.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       109772     32.70%     33.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        26698      7.95%     41.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     41.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       128842     38.38%     79.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2301      0.69%     80.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          111      0.03%     80.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        44539     13.27%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           54      0.02%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          123      0.04%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           64      0.02%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           52      0.02%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           48      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           19      0.01%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           21      0.01%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21613      6.44%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17822673500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          335728                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.352725                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.477886                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2292     64.73%     64.73% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1249     35.27%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3541    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean    94.577803                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    61.137739                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          519     14.66%     14.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          121      3.42%     18.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          174      4.91%     22.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          377     10.65%     33.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          406     11.47%     45.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          228      6.44%     51.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          264      7.46%     58.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          331      9.35%     68.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          259      7.31%     75.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          189      5.34%     80.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          199      5.62%     86.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          212      5.99%     92.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          262      7.40%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.233832                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.151073                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         3369     95.14%     95.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           74      2.09%     97.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           56      1.58%     98.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           24      0.68%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9            8      0.23%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            4      0.11%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            3      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     30800629                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     30800629                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2325614                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2325614                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave       671456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     20463016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     21134472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     44591330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     44591330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       526684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       526684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total      66252486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1342912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     32843864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     34186776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     89182660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     89182660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       279092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       279092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total      123648528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  15400314500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  32807054400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2325614000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1560679000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     12047773                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     20415575                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       145109                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       332610                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1203071500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   9933240300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5323000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     66523000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq             12192882                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp            20748185                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           263342                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail               32500                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     16673000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          263342                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail               1596                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       325200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1208394500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   9999763300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    168278000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       335728                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  17557650500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         49.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     32790515                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  11233046700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         31.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     10567236                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  22831142800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         64.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     22295665                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    303543900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       263342                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       205                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8054.513094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       16851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     82.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4806.693722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data    63.985483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst           54                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data           34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst           55                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data           36                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data           18                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    15.707305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    25.121074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    15.073786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   554.815407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  2132.116315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.586755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.026733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.007811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.006592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.004150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.006714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.004395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.001917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.003067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.001840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.067726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.260268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982910                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     89886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    89886                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    8876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1998                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1998                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    72                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1016500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       621500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         5504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       521500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       205000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       195000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       261500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1508500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       327000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       442500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       497000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1321000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       838500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3601500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       442500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1016500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1460000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          9105500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       442500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1016500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         9105500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.035461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.010652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.009921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.004933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.793478                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.555556                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.310345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.136364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.194444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.009368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.010652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.007944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.009368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.010652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.007944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 127062.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125062.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        26075                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        21750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        13000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        39000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13075                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20664.383562                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        16375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        43500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        32750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21800                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       110625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 146777.777778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       139750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       128625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       110625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       132750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 127062.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 132727.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125062.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126465.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       110625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       132750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 127062.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 132727.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125062.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126465.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            73                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       928500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       566500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1085000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       550500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       379000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       271000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       270500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1087000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3968500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       109000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       813500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       398500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       453000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1222000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       772500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3293500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       928500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8313500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       928500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8313500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  10288725946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  10348004944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  10368383924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  10232845932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  10346813936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  10210961441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  61795896123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    638758995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    638964498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    640434495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    640142493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    639452496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    640256497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       110500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3838119974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  10927484941                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  10986969442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  11008818419                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  10872988425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  10986266432                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  10851217938                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       270500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  65634016097                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.035461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.009921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.909091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.793478                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.310345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.136364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.009368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.007944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.009368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.010652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.007944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 114062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114090.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        55050                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54142.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54200                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54350                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54363.013699                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54233.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        99625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 135777.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       128750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       117625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        99625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       121750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 121727.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 114062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115465.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        99625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       121750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 121727.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 114062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115465.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                      13384                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       514739                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.008917                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000194                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.507911                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         514721    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        514739                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.249203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.586370                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     8.274147                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31965     99.90%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           33      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     14665320.530923                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2652280.830692                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           31      0.88%      0.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         3500     98.84%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.06%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            3      0.08%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        14661735.689951      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    519329                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1996131.036430                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3776784.458518                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3522     99.46%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           15      0.42%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       2031862.494884      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  71970                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          514739                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11365.056077                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11361.165574                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        632.143741                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383          514720    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            514739                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          31965                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11499.840450                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11496.564393                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       279.563432                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287        30965     96.87%     96.87% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335          999      3.13%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            31965                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              514739                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           68830.152757                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          68471.573567                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                  116      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000              426      0.08%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1292      0.25%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3124      0.61%      0.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000            5288      1.03%      1.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000            9544      1.85%      3.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000           13496      2.62%      6.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           19318      3.75%     10.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           24871      4.83%     15.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           30708      5.97%     21.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000           35991      6.99%     28.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           41748      8.11%     36.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000           47235      9.18%     45.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000           50499      9.81%     55.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000           50947      9.90%     65.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000           51874     10.08%     75.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           44775      8.70%     83.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           32913      6.39%     90.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           18981      3.69%     93.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1248      0.24%     94.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             30345      5.90%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          30404000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                514739                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             31998                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1106860.678792                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1139636.909088                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              1      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             5      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            14      0.04%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            19      0.06%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            50      0.16%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            56      0.18%      0.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            87      0.27%      0.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            93      0.29%      1.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           115      0.36%      1.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           178      0.56%      1.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           167      0.52%      2.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           199      0.62%      3.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           208      0.65%      3.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           211      0.66%      4.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           225      0.70%      5.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           180      0.56%      5.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           139      0.43%      6.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            52      0.16%      6.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          316      0.99%      7.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           29682     92.76%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            2000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        44742000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               31998                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                546737                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             64779.460691                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            51856.243059                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                    130      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                484      0.09%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1459      0.27%      0.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000              3493      0.64%      1.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000              5990      1.10%      2.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             10755      1.97%      4.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             15287      2.80%      6.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             21720      3.97%     10.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             27946      5.11%     15.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             34557      6.32%     22.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000             40648      7.43%     29.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             46984      8.59%     38.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000             53333      9.75%     48.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000             56937     10.41%     58.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000             57551     10.53%     69.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000             58492     10.70%     79.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000             50474      9.23%     88.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             37466      6.85%     95.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000             20460      3.74%     99.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              416      0.08%     99.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                2155      0.39%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            30404000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  546737                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.160971                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.367557                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             2971     83.90%     83.90% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              570     16.10%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.007907                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.088584                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            3513     99.21%     99.21% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              28      0.79%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           145.356961                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           11.089859                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   3      0.08%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   3      0.08%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   1      0.03%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   3      0.08%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.06%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                  11      0.31%      0.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                   9      0.25%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                   0      0.00%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                  12      0.34%      1.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                  5      0.14%      1.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                 1      0.03%      1.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 2      0.06%      1.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 7      0.20%      1.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 2      0.06%      1.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143               531     15.00%     16.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151              2781     78.54%     95.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159               164      4.63%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            9.033889                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           2.662352                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                      3      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                      8      0.23%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                     12      0.34%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     34      0.96%      1.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     83      2.34%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    167      4.72%      8.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    282      7.96%     16.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                    420     11.86%     28.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                    517     14.60%     43.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                    511     14.43%     57.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                   478     13.50%     71.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                   405     11.44%     82.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                   267      7.54%     90.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                   185      5.22%     95.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                   102      2.88%     98.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                    41      1.16%     99.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                    15      0.42%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     5      0.14%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     5      0.14%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       514928                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.011390                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000248                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.704204                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         514905    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           23      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        514928                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31806                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.205244                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.581048                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.663904                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31778     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           28      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31806                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     14677746.399322                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    3024087.218884                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           33      0.93%      0.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         3499     98.81%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.03%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            2      0.06%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.06%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        14703067.448913      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    520793                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1973369.104773                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2674842.975833                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3516     99.29%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            2      0.06%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           20      0.56%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1980197.796182      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  70140                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          514928                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11365.508188                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11361.439664                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        594.199980                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       514904    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           22      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            514928                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          31779                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11495.588282                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11492.499077                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       269.887231                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30854     97.09%     97.09% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          925      2.91%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            31779                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              514928                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           68827.146708                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          63823.279571                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                   87      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000              407      0.08%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1287      0.25%      0.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3313      0.64%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000            5396      1.05%      2.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000            9648      1.87%      3.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000           13222      2.57%      6.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           19375      3.76%     10.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           24904      4.84%     15.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           30593      5.94%     21.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000           36358      7.06%     28.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           41949      8.15%     36.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000           45995      8.93%     45.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000           50283      9.77%     54.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000           51990     10.10%     65.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000           51508     10.00%     75.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           44547      8.65%     83.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           33224      6.45%     90.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           19377      3.76%     93.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1355      0.26%     94.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             30110      5.85%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          27756000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                514928                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             31806                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1113046.186254                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1141520.039234                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             6      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             8      0.03%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            25      0.08%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            37      0.12%      0.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            48      0.15%      0.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            84      0.26%      0.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           116      0.36%      1.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           147      0.46%      1.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           155      0.49%      1.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           192      0.60%      2.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           200      0.63%      3.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           203      0.64%      3.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           201      0.63%      4.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           214      0.67%      5.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           194      0.61%      5.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           108      0.34%      6.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            58      0.18%      6.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          335      1.05%      7.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           29474     92.67%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        28466000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               31806                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                546734                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             64782.565196                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            47445.984066                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                     94      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                477      0.09%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1468      0.27%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000              3692      0.68%      1.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000              6153      1.13%      2.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             10810      1.98%      4.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14932      2.73%      6.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             21801      3.99%     10.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             28027      5.13%     16.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             34392      6.29%     22.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000             40984      7.50%     29.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             47366      8.66%     38.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000             51987      9.51%     47.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000             56496     10.33%     58.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000             58598     10.72%     69.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000             58023     10.61%     79.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000             50194      9.18%     88.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             37869      6.93%     95.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000             20850      3.81%     99.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              410      0.07%     99.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                2111      0.39%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            25081000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  546734                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.156171                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.363068                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             2988     84.38%     84.38% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              553     15.62%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.012143                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.109542                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            3498     98.79%     98.79% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              43      1.21%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           145.409206                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           11.071367                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   3      0.08%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   3      0.08%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   5      0.14%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                   1      0.03%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                   9      0.25%      0.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                  11      0.31%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                   1      0.03%      1.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                   7      0.20%      1.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                  9      0.25%      1.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                 1      0.03%      1.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 4      0.11%      1.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 5      0.14%      1.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 2      0.06%      1.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143               525     14.83%     16.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151              2782     78.57%     95.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159               169      4.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            8.980796                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           2.658038                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                      3      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                      4      0.11%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                     17      0.48%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     28      0.79%      1.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     84      2.37%      3.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    182      5.14%      8.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    291      8.22%     17.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                    457     12.91%     30.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                    498     14.06%     44.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                    493     13.92%     58.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                   495     13.98%     72.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                   378     10.67%     82.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                   258      7.29%     90.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                   177      5.00%     95.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                   109      3.08%     98.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                    42      1.19%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                    20      0.56%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     4      0.11%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       514661                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.006441                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000140                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.281581                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         514648    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        514661                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32084                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.247351                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.591063                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     8.141253                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32052     99.90%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           32      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32084                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     14627139.226207                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2222059.532297                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           32      0.90%      0.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         3501     98.87%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.03%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            4      0.11%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        14623537.691402      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    517976                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2014233.267439                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2982640.103941                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3516     99.29%     99.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            3      0.08%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           17      0.48%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.08%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       2035645.593041      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  72104                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          514661                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11363.850185                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11360.922843                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        463.644941                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       514646    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            514661                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          32051                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11499.503916                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11496.342349                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       273.091855                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31116     97.08%     97.08% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          933      2.91%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            2      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            32051                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              514661                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           68853.707586                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          70076.048404                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                  113      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000              431      0.08%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1264      0.25%      0.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3167      0.62%      0.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000            5254      1.02%      1.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000            9521      1.85%      3.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000           13479      2.62%      6.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           19328      3.76%     10.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           24913      4.84%     15.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           30635      5.95%     21.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000           36098      7.01%     28.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           41803      8.12%     36.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000           46997      9.13%     45.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000           50564      9.82%     55.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000           50932      9.90%     64.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000           51986     10.10%     75.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           44506      8.65%     83.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           32934      6.40%     90.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           19013      3.69%     93.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1287      0.25%     94.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             30436      5.91%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          31566000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                514661                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             32084                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1104270.571001                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1127902.002105                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             9      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            17      0.05%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            21      0.07%      0.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            36      0.11%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            62      0.19%      0.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            74      0.23%      0.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            88      0.27%      0.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           153      0.48%      1.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           165      0.51%      1.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           176      0.55%      2.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           198      0.62%      3.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           213      0.66%      3.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           226      0.70%      4.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           203      0.63%      5.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           186      0.58%      5.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           137      0.43%      6.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            51      0.16%      6.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          340      1.06%      7.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           29728     92.66%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           10000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        31155000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               32084                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                546745                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             64800.623691                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            50569.129599                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                    120      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                485      0.09%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1429      0.26%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000              3557      0.65%      1.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000              5989      1.10%      2.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             10699      1.96%      4.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             15249      2.79%      6.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             21722      3.97%     10.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             27997      5.12%     15.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             34585      6.33%     22.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000             40704      7.44%     29.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             47080      8.61%     38.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000             52936      9.68%     48.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000             57117     10.45%     58.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000             57583     10.53%     69.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000             58570     10.71%     79.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000             50291      9.20%     88.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             37649      6.89%     95.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000             20478      3.75%     99.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000              402      0.07%     99.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                2103      0.38%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            28151000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  546745                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.170291                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.376692                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             2939     83.00%     83.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              601     16.97%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.011579                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.106994                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            3500     98.84%     98.84% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              41      1.16%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           145.335216                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           11.002222                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   5      0.14%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   1      0.03%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   4      0.11%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                   2      0.06%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   1      0.03%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                   5      0.14%      0.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                  14      0.40%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                   0      0.00%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                   5      0.14%      1.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                 12      0.34%      1.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                 2      0.06%      1.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 3      0.08%      1.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 5      0.14%      1.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 2      0.06%      1.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143               516     14.57%     16.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151              2784     78.62%     95.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159               176      4.97%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            9.058176                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           2.685808                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                      5      0.14%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                      4      0.11%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                     18      0.51%      0.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     27      0.76%      1.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     84      2.37%      3.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    168      4.74%      8.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    296      8.36%     17.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                    377     10.65%     27.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                    528     14.91%     42.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                    520     14.69%     57.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                   501     14.15%     71.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                   387     10.93%     82.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                   275      7.77%     90.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                   162      4.57%     94.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                   105      2.97%     97.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                    46      1.30%     98.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                    26      0.73%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     8      0.23%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       514835                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.007430                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000162                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.376404                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         514820    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        514835                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31907                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.223525                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.583773                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.911692                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31877     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           30      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31907                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     14617537.418808                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1948795.146123                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           33      0.93%      0.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         3500     98.84%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.06%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            4      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        14642848.431245      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    518660                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1996018.073990                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2844622.931078                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         3514     99.24%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            3      0.08%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           21      0.59%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       2002952.849271      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  70946                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          514835                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11363.889790                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11360.734720                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        497.273246                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       514819    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           14      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            514835                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31877                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11500.407818                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11497.215324                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       274.474292                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        30926     97.02%     97.02% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          950      2.98%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31877                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              514835                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           68840.278924                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          66559.814735                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                   90      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000              405      0.08%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1276      0.25%      0.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3303      0.64%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000            5396      1.05%      2.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000            9529      1.85%      3.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000           13180      2.56%      6.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           19338      3.76%     10.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           24923      4.84%     15.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           30664      5.96%     21.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000           36332      7.06%     28.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           42054      8.17%     36.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000           46097      8.95%     45.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000           50174      9.75%     54.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000           52079     10.12%     65.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000           51606     10.02%     75.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           44451      8.63%     83.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           33288      6.47%     90.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           19135      3.72%     93.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1321      0.26%     94.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             30194      5.86%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          29679000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                514835                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31907                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1109964.051775                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1144039.154445                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              1      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             5      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            11      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            15      0.05%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            51      0.16%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            61      0.19%      0.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            89      0.28%      0.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           114      0.36%      1.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           148      0.46%      1.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           145      0.45%      2.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           180      0.56%      2.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           211      0.66%      3.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           221      0.69%      3.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           186      0.58%      4.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           207      0.65%      5.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           207      0.65%      5.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           129      0.40%      6.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            54      0.17%      6.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          314      0.98%      7.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           29557     92.63%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            5000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        33290000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31907                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                546742                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             64794.050942                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            47143.391795                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                    106      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                451      0.08%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000              1465      0.27%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000              3708      0.68%      1.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000              6119      1.12%      2.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             10781      1.97%      4.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             14915      2.73%      6.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             21703      3.97%     10.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             28029      5.13%     15.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             34581      6.32%     22.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000             40934      7.49%     29.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             47362      8.66%     38.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000             52041      9.52%     47.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000             56594     10.35%     58.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000             58567     10.71%     69.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000             58115     10.63%     79.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000             50213      9.18%     88.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             37953      6.94%     95.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000             20586      3.77%     99.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              394      0.07%     99.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                2125      0.39%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            26032000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  546742                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.170008                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.375693                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             2939     83.00%     83.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              602     17.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.007907                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.088584                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            3513     99.21%     99.21% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              28      0.79%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           145.383225                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           11.019384                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   3      0.08%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   3      0.08%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   5      0.14%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                   1      0.03%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                   9      0.25%      0.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                  11      0.31%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                   0      0.00%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                   7      0.20%      1.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                 10      0.28%      1.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                 1      0.03%      1.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 3      0.08%      1.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 6      0.17%      1.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%      1.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143               500     14.12%     15.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151              2791     78.82%     94.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159               187      5.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            9.009037                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           2.682951                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                      3      0.08%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                      4      0.11%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                     15      0.42%      0.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     39      1.10%      1.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     85      2.40%      4.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                    180      5.08%      9.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                    309      8.73%     17.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                    386     10.90%     28.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                    479     13.53%     42.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                    543     15.33%     57.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                   496     14.01%     71.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                   393     11.10%     82.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                   267      7.54%     90.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                   167      4.72%     95.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                    95      2.68%     97.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                    44      1.24%     98.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                    27      0.76%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     7      0.20%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2059163                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.008545                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000186                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       1.476088                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2059094    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           69      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2059163                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127795                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.231386                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.585571                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      8.001703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127672     99.90%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          123      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127795                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      58587743.575261                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     8829123.419624                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           29      0.82%      0.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         3501     98.87%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            4      0.11%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.03%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.03%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             3541                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         58631189.261512      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    2076758                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     7979751.482632                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    9086971.150168                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3510     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           23      0.65%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            3      0.08%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.03%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            3541                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        8050658.733378      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  285160                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2059163                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20013.406661                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20011.274422                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         533.671932                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      2059081    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           61      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2059163                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127672                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20057.299173                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20056.124552                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        223.519698                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-4095                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-20479       117663     92.16%     92.16% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-24575        10008      7.84%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::40960-45055            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::45056-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::49152-53247            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::53248-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::57344-61439            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::61440-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::65536-69631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::69632-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::73728-77823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::77824-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127672                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2059163                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            17211.374476                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           31650.043067                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                516273     25.07%     25.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            358489     17.41%     42.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           284296     13.81%     56.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           225578     10.95%     67.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           179071      8.70%     75.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           136784      6.64%     82.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           104223      5.06%     87.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            76436      3.71%     91.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            58856      2.86%     94.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            43330      2.10%     96.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            27998      1.36%     97.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            19062      0.93%     98.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            11676      0.57%     99.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             7517      0.37%     99.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             4364      0.21%     99.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             2431      0.12%     99.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             1104      0.05%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              581      0.03%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000              897      0.04%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              42      0.00%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                155      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           27755500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2059163                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127795                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          277168.152119                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         489673.865828                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                2289      1.79%      1.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            2108      1.65%      3.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           2057      1.61%      5.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           2000      1.57%      6.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           1937      1.52%      8.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           1974      1.54%      9.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           1864      1.46%     11.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           1866      1.46%     12.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           1839      1.44%     14.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           1870      1.46%     15.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           1882      1.47%     16.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           1792      1.40%     18.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           1714      1.34%     19.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           1729      1.35%     21.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           1682      1.32%     22.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           1730      1.35%     23.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           1670      1.31%     25.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           1580      1.24%     26.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           1670      1.31%     27.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         31079     24.32%     51.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            61463     48.09%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         28366500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127795                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                2186958                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              16196.334818                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             24238.801089                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  574474     26.27%     26.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              397530     18.18%     44.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             309499     14.15%     58.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             241343     11.04%     69.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             188313      8.61%     78.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             140978      6.45%     84.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             104801      4.79%     89.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              74783      3.42%     92.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000              55829      2.55%     95.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              39455      1.80%     97.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              24274      1.11%     98.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              15573      0.71%     99.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               8946      0.41%     99.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               5230      0.24%     99.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               2802      0.13%     99.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               1359      0.06%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                538      0.02%     99.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                286      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                704      0.03%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                58      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  183      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             25080500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  2186958                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.166055                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.994385                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0               996     28.13%     28.13% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              1378     38.92%     67.04% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               827     23.35%     90.40% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               275      7.77%     98.16% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                56      1.58%     99.75% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 6      0.17%     99.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 3      0.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          3541                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.066648                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.260525                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             3315     93.62%     93.62% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              216      6.10%     99.72% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2               10      0.28%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3541                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            581.484609                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            43.224406                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     4      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    0      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    5      0.14%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   1      0.03%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  0      0.00%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  5      0.14%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                  1      0.03%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  1      0.03%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  7      0.20%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                 12      0.34%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  0      0.00%      1.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  7      0.20%      1.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                 10      0.28%      1.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  1      0.03%      1.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  3      0.08%      1.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  6      0.17%      1.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  1      0.03%      1.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                230      6.50%      8.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607               3223     91.02%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                 24      0.68%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            36.081898                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            5.670626                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                     4      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                     3      0.08%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                    4      0.11%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                   3      0.08%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                  10      0.28%      0.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                  47      1.33%      2.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                 183      5.17%      7.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                 412     11.64%     18.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                 779     22.00%     40.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                1150     32.48%     73.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                 696     19.66%     92.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                 212      5.99%     98.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                  38      1.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                3541                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     3774054                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        19                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1545124                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 3774073                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1545124                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          5319178                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             19                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      5319197                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    14122501                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                14122501                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         14122501                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     14122501                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        70311007                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   12579928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     13319767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             12870749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     753531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       399344                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    12870749                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           20184077                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          10531078                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            51235538                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4942078                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      5320063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    3774332                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1545731                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              526430.802960                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              69784576.197040                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.992513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.007487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1166503                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  8000322     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     394      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 3774332     28.33%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1545731     11.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  13320781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              867                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           14295051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         16487.948097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28245869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        28245869                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     14121634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14121634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     14121634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        14121634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     14121634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       14121634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     14689977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14689977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     14689977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14689977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     14689977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14689977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     14122501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14122501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     14122501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     14122501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     14122501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     14122501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16943.456747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16943.456747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16943.456747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16943.456747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16943.456747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16943.456747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12939023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12939023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12939023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12939023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12939023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12939023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14923.901961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14923.901961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14923.901961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14923.901961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14923.901961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14923.901961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               132                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          201.595376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            6536747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         10103.163833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   201.595376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.787482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9911364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9911364                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3429571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3429571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1522974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1522974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           83                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          376                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          376                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          354                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          354                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      4952545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4952545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      4952628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4952628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          256                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          256                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         1233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10313485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10313485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3505494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3505494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1120000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1120000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6923500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6923500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13818979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13818979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13818979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13818979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3430492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3430492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1523262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1523262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          610                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4953754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4953754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4953861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4953861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.224299                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.224299                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.389610                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389610                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.419672                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.419672                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11198.137894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11198.137894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12171.854167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12171.854167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4666.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27044.921875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27044.921875                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11430.090157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11430.090157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11207.606650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11207.606650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          349                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              349                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          219                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          219                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          256                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8459515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8459515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2927506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2927506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       494000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       494000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6411500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6411500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11387021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11387021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11581021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11581021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  14409170544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14409170544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    885732001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885732001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  15294902545                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15294902545                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.224299                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224299                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.355519                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355519                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.419672                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419672                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9185.141151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9185.141151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10164.951389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10164.951389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8083.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8083.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2255.707763                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2255.707763                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25044.921875                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25044.921875                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9418.545079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9418.545079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9392.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9392.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2569                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     3794317                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        14                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1553343                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 3794331                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1553343                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          5347660                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             14                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      5347674                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    14197645                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                14197645                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         14197645                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     14197645                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        70695410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   12647030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13391046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12939708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     757606                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       401504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12939708                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           20291814                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          10587435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            51510106                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            4968652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5348547                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3794594                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1553953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              145698.116698                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              70549711.883302                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.997939                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.002061                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1172755                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8043111     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     397      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3794594     28.33%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1553953     11.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  13392063                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           14378077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         16209.782413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28396177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        28396177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     14196758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14196758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     14196758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        14196758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     14196758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       14196758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15741980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15741980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15741980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15741980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15741980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15741980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     14197645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14197645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     14197645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     14197645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     14197645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     14197645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17747.440812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17747.440812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17747.440812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17747.440812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17747.440812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17747.440812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     13956020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13956020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     13956020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13956020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     13956020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13956020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15733.957159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15733.957159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15733.957159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15733.957159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15733.957159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15733.957159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               157                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          192.969941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           20637101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         29822.400289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   192.969941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.753789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.753789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9964468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9964468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3447764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3447764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1531149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1531149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           65                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           65                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      4978913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4978913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      4978978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4978978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11352468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11352468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2598500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2598500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1279000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1279000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7319000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7319000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13950968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13950968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     13950968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13950968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3448769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3448769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1531449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1531449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          641                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          641                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          633                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4980218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4980218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4980311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4980311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.301075                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.301075                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.404056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.404056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.418641                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.418641                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11295.988060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11295.988060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8661.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8661.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4938.223938                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4938.223938                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27618.867925                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27618.867925                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10690.396935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10690.396935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10465.842461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10465.842461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          265                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9314532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9314532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1998500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1998500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       228500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       228500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       588500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       588500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6789000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6789000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11313032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11313032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11541532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11541532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  14492706047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14492706047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    886216501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    886216501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  15378922548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15378922548                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.301075                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301075                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.418641                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418641                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9268.191045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9268.191045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6661.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6661.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8160.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8160.714286                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2525.751073                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2525.751073                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25618.867925                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25618.867925                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8668.990038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8668.990038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8658.313578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8658.313578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2624                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3801944                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1556631                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 3801959                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1556631                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          5358575                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      5358590                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    14227845                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                14227845                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         14227845                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     14227845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        70827489                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   12673990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     13419482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             12966727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     759302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       402592                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    12966727                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           20332668                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          10609053                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            51618544                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            4980670                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      5359444                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    3802178                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1557266                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              13917.274980                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              70813571.725020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999804                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000196                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1175657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8060573     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     441      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 3802178     28.33%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1557266     11.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  13420460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           14357465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         18792.493455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28456454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        28456454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     14227081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14227081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     14227081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        14227081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     14227081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       14227081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     13483497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13483497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     13483497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13483497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     13483497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13483497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     14227845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14227845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     14227845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     14227845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     14227845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     14227845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17648.556283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17648.556283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17648.556283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17648.556283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17648.556283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17648.556283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11952503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11952503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11952503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11952503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     11952503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11952503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15644.637435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15644.637435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15644.637435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15644.637435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15644.637435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15644.637435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               137                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.935975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             735087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1701.590278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   214.935975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.839594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9984663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9984663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      3454875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3454875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1534298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1534298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           52                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           52                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          412                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          412                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      4989173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         4989173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      4989225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        4989225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          285                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          285                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          297                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          297                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         1133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         1133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8789984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8789984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2558499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2558499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1255499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1255499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8270500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      8270500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     11348483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11348483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     11348483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11348483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      3455672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3455672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1534612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1534612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           74                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4990284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4990284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4990358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4990358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.297297                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.400281                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.400281                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.418900                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.418900                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11028.838143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11028.838143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8148.085987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8148.085987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4405.259649                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4405.259649                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27846.801347                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27846.801347                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10214.656166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10214.656166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10016.313327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10016.313327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          297                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7182016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7182016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1929501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1929501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       169001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       169001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       559500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       559500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7676500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9111517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9111517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9280518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9280518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  14522960561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14522960561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    886816502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    886816502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  15409777063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15409777063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.370787                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370787                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.418900                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418900                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9011.312422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9011.312422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6144.907643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6144.907643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7681.863636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7681.863636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2119.318182                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2119.318182                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25846.801347                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25846.801347                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8201.185419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8201.185419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8191.101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8191.101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2601                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     3756325                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1538418                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 3756340                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1538418                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          5294743                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      5294758                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    14058882                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                14058882                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         14058882                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     14058882                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        69964808                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   12523125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     13259643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12811725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     750215                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       397921                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12811725                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           20091153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          10481692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            51002201                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            4920689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      5295601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3756553                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1539048                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              865753.842944                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              69099054.157056                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.987626                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.012374                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1161906                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7964589     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     422      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3756553     28.33%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1539048     11.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  13260614                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           14172205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         19255.713315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28118500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        28118500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     14058146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14058146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     14058146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        14058146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     14058146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       14058146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12912991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12912991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12912991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12912991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     12912991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12912991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     14058882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14058882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     14058882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     14058882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     14058882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     14058882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17544.824728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17544.824728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17544.824728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17544.824728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17544.824728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17544.824728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     11432009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11432009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     11432009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11432009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     11432009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11432009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15532.620924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15532.620924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15532.620924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15532.620924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15532.620924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15532.620924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               135                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.929967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             784233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1802.834483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   219.929967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.859101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9865993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9865993                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      3413821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3413821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1516120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1516120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           57                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           57                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      4929941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4929941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      4929998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4929998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          266                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          275                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          275                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      8474473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8474473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3047495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3047495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1178998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1178998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7523000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7523000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11521968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11521968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11521968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11521968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      3414577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3414577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1516427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1516427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          692                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4931004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4931004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4931080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4931080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.382734                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.382734                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.397399                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.397399                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11209.620370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11209.620370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9926.693811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9926.693811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  4432.323308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4432.323308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27356.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27356.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10839.104421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10839.104421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10648.768946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10648.768946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          275                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          275                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6940527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6940527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2430505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2430505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       147002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       147002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       538000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       538000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6973000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6973000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9371032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9371032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9518034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9518034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  14331447022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14331447022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    886167001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    886167001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  15217614023                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15217614023                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.359712                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359712                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.397399                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397399                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9180.591270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9180.591270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7916.954397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7916.954397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7736.947368                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7736.947368                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         2152                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2152                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25356.363636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25356.363636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8815.646284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8815.646284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8796.704251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8796.704251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2532                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     3795268                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        24                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    1554484                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 3795292                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                1554492                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                          5349752                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             32                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                      5349784                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    14203222                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                14203227                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         14203222                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     14203227                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        70712319                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   12652609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     13396769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             12944617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                     757806                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       402292                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    12944617                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           20301167                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          10590013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            51530801                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            4971498                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      5350908                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    3795534                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   1555374                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              136947.026108                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              70575371.973892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.998063                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.001937                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1173773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  8046708     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     416      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 3795534     28.33%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                1555374     11.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  13398040                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      25                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           14256750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         17033.154122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28407281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        28407281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     14202385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14202385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     14202385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        14202385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     14202385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       14202385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     14618485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14618485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     14618485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14618485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     14618485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14618485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     14203222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14203222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     14203222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     14203222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     14203222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     14203222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17465.334528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17465.334528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17465.334528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17465.334528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17465.334528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17465.334528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     12930515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12930515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     12930515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12930515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     12930515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12930515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15448.643967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15448.643967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15448.643967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15448.643967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15448.643967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15448.643967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry               139                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          235.295593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             740158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1445.621094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   235.295593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.919123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9968496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9968496                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      3448911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3448911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      1532246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1532246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           71                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           71                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          395                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          395                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data      4981157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         4981157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      4981228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        4981228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          267                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          267                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          1101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         1124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         1124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     10818985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10818985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3692497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3692497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1407500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1407500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7476000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7476000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     14511482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14511482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     14511482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14511482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      3449712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3449712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      1532546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data      4982258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4982258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data      4982352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4982352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.244681                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.244681                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.379209                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379209                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.403323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.403323                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13506.847690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13506.847690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12308.323333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12308.323333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  5434.362934                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5434.362934                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        28000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13180.274296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13180.274296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12910.571174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12910.571174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          239                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          267                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      9202015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9202015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3090503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3090503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       381000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       381000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       555500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       555500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6942000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6942000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     12292518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12292518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     12673518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12673518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  14491571542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14491571542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    885233500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885233500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  15376805042                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15376805042                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.244681                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244681                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.349927                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349927                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.403323                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403323                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11488.158552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11488.158552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10301.676667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10301.676667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16565.217391                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16565.217391                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2324.267782                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2324.267782                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        26000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11164.866485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11164.866485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11275.371886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11275.371886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2538                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     3749635                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        22                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    1536174                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        9                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 3749657                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                1536183                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                          5285809                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             31                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                      5285840                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    14033947                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                14033952                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         14033947                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     14033952                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        69841821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   12501156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     13236241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             12789271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                     748961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       397224                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    12789271                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           20056924                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          10462385                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            50912600                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            4911732                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      5286920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    3749881                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   1537039                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              985484.599181                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              68856336.400819                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.985890                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.014110                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1159917                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  7950104     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     434      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 3749881     28.33%     88.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                1537039     11.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  13237460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           14039481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         18694.382157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         28068645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        28068645                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     14033196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14033196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     14033196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        14033196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     14033196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       14033196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     13714985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13714985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     13714985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13714985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     13714985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13714985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     14033947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14033947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     14033947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     14033947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     14033947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     14033947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18262.296937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18262.296937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18262.296937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18262.296937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18262.296937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18262.296937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     12202015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12202015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     12202015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12202015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     12202015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12202015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16247.689747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16247.689747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16247.689747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16247.689747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16247.689747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16247.689747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               119                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          237.054903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             717036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1115.141524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   237.054903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.925996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9849734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9849734                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      3407683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3407683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      1513879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1513879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data      4921562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         4921562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      4921617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        4921617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          269                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          269                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          1224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10649485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10649485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2863498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2863498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1355500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1355500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7617500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7617500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     13512983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13512983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     13512983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13512983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      3408608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3408608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      1514178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1514178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data      4922786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4922786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data      4922863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4922863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.392241                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.392241                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.387608                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.387608                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11512.956757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11512.956757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9576.916388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9576.916388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  4965.201465                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4965.201465                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 28317.843866                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28317.843866                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11040.018791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11040.018791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10845.090690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10845.090690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          252                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          252                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          269                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8784515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8784515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2263502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2263502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       335500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       522000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       522000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7079500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7079500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     11048017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11048017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     11383517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11383517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  14299687024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14299687024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    887251500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    887251500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  15186938524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15186938524                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.362069                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362069                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.387608                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387608                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9496.772973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9496.772973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7570.240803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7570.240803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        15250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  2071.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2071.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 26317.843866                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26317.843866                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9026.157680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9026.157680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9136.048957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9136.048957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2474                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          177.099310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   177.099310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.691794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.691794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.691406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        8523                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       6655                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    8527                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   6655                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            15178                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        15182                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       38927                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   38927                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            38927                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        38927                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                        70841483                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      38244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        45518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                41273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         4895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       41273                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              71776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             28426                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              166270                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              17188                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        16301                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       8783                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      7518                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              70646053.463104                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              195429.536896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.002759                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.997241                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             7384                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    30358     64.91%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      94      0.20%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.03%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    8783     18.78%     83.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   7518     16.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     46767                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              45280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            61.106613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            78595                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           78595                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        38186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          38186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        38186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           38186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        38186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          38186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13991487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13991487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13991487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13991487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13991487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13991487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        38927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        38927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        38927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        38927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        38927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        38927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18881.898785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18881.898785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18881.898785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18881.898785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18881.898785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18881.898785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12496513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12496513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12496513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12496513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12496513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12496513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16864.390013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16864.390013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16864.390013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16864.390013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16864.390013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16864.390013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                94                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          230.342607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               9627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.629496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   230.342607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.899776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            30713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           30713                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         7870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           7870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          107                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          163                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          163                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        14249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           14249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        14356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          14356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4954998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4954998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2391999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2391999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       201000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       464500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       464500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7346997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7346997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7346997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7346997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         8200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          124                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        14662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        14786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.137097                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.137097                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.120419                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120419                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.132979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.132979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15015.145455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15015.145455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28819.265060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28819.265060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8739.130435                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8739.130435                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        18580                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        18580                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17789.338983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17789.338983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17086.039535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17086.039535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4293002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4293002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2225001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2225001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       175000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       175000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        14000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        14000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       414500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       414500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6518003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6518003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6693003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6693003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       168000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       168000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       453000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       453000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.137097                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137097                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036649                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036649                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.132979                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132979                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13009.096970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13009.096970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26807.240964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26807.240964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10294.117647                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10294.117647                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        16580                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        16580                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15782.089588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15782.089588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15565.123256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15565.123256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                74                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 35420704000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -70311024.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       70451942.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -5631484521.599998
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       6303906604.800001
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -47432040.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       47527104.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -3799017336.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       4252635408.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -268360435.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       268635993.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -5987537087.999999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       7340134463.999999
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -119443921.920000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       119842053.120000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -3592405831.680000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       3593913753.599999
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -743482878197.760376
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       763009218723.839966
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -743482878197.760376
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       763009218723.839966
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -216632243522.880005
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       222302806807.680054
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -339288196199.040039
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       367092089435.519958
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2399373765744.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2462405918304.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2291780824800.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2335397775648.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.035421
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       493194337.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       566731264.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       73320285.125975
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       77364070.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       139120192.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       7017895.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       28533743.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       22681855.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       65295392.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       9295929.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       18224668.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       75616082.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       167651643.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       121329579.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       252475816.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       63290082.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       101605693.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       4529778.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1146.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       77364070.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       139120192.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       84882979.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       10.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       84882969.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5583.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       20616030.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       9158936.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       31971025.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       130.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       5535.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1891.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       8766649
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       69.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       2716031.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       123.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6328.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       233.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       1111809.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       482.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1600909.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       797.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       448.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2059138.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127672.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       541706.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       523042.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       545072.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       587632.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       541094.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       553094.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       555208.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       526684.000000
