sim_seconds                                  0.029805                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29805088500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4369331089000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               40154001                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 40623250                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              125022707                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   238.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  9572608754                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9684476834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      1409772                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total      1409772                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         3024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         3024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       352443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total       352443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data          756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total          756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     47299709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total       47299709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       101459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total        101459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     47401168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      47401168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs               352443                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                 756                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts             352443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts               756                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM        11264416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ            13760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten            14208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys          1409772                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          3024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            310                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0        41162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1        58380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2        34553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3        33285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4        27913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5        34025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6        70662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7        52033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap            43670567000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2         352443                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2           756                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0           352013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       148570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.914545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.623804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.409023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63        27210     18.31%     18.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95        79272     53.36%     71.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127        18991     12.78%     84.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159        14963     10.07%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2479      1.67%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4086      2.75%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255          420      0.28%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287          728      0.49%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::288-319           94      0.06%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::320-351          261      0.18%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::352-383           47      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-415           17      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::416-447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       148570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12979.962963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11839.661559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5352.301162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      7.41%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.70%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.70%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.70%     18.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      7.41%     25.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.70%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.70%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.70%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.70%     40.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      7.41%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2      7.41%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            4     14.81%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.70%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            2      7.41%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            1      3.70%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.444444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.426422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.800641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     74.07%     74.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17            2      7.41%     81.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            5     18.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat            4430744005                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat      10397364355                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat          1126441600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat              12586.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         29536.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                377.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys              47.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  3.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              3.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits            203826                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits               61                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          57.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         13.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap              123642.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             57.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10006110710                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT  17180729131                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     252070358.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     192285273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     191217196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     265037875.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0     170047464.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1        129716256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2     128995728.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3        178795392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    322945958.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    204404428.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    202788019.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3       389735424                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   112460037.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   112321935.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   112299955.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   112343915.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 13171812459.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 11642778011.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 11711762366.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 13373211389.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  74114861568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1  75456119856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  75395607264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3  73938195840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   112741960344.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   112335388260.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   112340433028.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   112855082335.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     78.961013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     78.676263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     78.679796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     79.040241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                60124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks          77302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               77302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks          77302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total              137426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  29821208000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.578947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.505395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.514858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.79%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.79%     31.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     68.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     2179128                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                3128328                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    38913.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               55863.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     30.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 1863825500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27184191703                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        2648138                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           2087164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           2305497.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           2222035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           2099865.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0           1408008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                1555296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                1498992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                1416576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          8096025.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               8783424                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               8436480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          7918310.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         3619676.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         3902100.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              3732480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         3563274.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       7163057249.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       7166523597.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       7166770493.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       7165129550.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        79385699472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        79382658816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        79382442240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        79383881664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         111161730095.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         111163491230.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         111162865220.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         111161771739.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.854269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.855502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.855064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.854298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     66813872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     20431707                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        36657                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        35119                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        35250                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        35231                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        38964                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        34371                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        37058                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        35039                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     87533268                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     66813872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     66813872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      5015459                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4070                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3971                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3905                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4150                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3893                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4126                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3885                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      5047403                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst     16703468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      6030306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        36657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        35119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        35250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        35231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        38964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        34371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        37058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        35039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total     23021463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1722041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1979                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1738121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2241693461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    685510697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1229891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1178289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1182684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1182046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1307294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1153192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1243345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1175605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2936856504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2241693461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2241693461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    168275259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       136554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       132326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       133232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       131018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       139238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       130615                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       138433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       130347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    169347023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   2241693461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    853785957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1366445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1310615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1315916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1313064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1446532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1283808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1381777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1305951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3106203526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        25767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        17178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                60124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks         146015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total              146015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks         146015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        25767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        17178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total              206139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  29789350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.451613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.810778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    87.767435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     19.35%     19.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     19.35%     38.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     61.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.895189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     33.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1523400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2472600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    27203.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               44153.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     29.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                    120                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               88.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 1241222916.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   88.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27183704227                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        3135614                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                2107728                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                2325456                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           2025475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           2235340.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                1421880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1568760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                1366392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           1507968.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          8111001.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          8944166.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          7650739.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          8373081.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         3666124.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         3968040.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         3467473.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         3719623.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       7163502560.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       7166714788.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       7164217149.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       7167228992.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        79385308848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        79382491104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2        79384682016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3        79382040048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         111161880642.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         111163774815.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         111161171744.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         111162867553.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.854374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.855701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.853878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.855065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     66967004                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     20408273                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        34646                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        35892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        35248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        36992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        36150                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        35229                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        33127                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        36204                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     87658765                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     66967004                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     66967004                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      5014415                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3739                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4093                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3987                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4035                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3934                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3665                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3943                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      5045699                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst     16741751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      6034757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        34646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        35892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        35248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        36992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        36150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        35229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        33127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        36204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total     23059996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1726802                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1742546                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2246831242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    684724456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1162419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1204224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1182617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1241130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1212880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1181979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1111455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1214692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2941067093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2246831242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2246831242                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    168240232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       125448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       137326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       130448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       133769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       135380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       131991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       122966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       132293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    169289851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   2246831242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    852964688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1287867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1341549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1313064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1374899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1348260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1313970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1234420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1346985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3110356945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data        17178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                51535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          68713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               68713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          68713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data        17178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              120248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  29776424000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean          192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.242428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    92.860960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      5.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      5.00%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     20.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     21.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.132892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1332100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                2145700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    27752.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44702.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     31.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      41                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               92.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 2126887428.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   89.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27184334701                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        2505140                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           2121638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           2081116.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           2380492.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           2362953.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                1431264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1           1403928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2           1605888.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                1594056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          8117990.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          8117491.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          8972121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          8859801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         3699302.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         3536732.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         4048081.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         3935278.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       7164238818.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       7163545515.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       7167992555.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       7168904300.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        79384663008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        79385271168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2        79381370256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3        79380570480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         111162034520.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         111161718451.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         111164131895.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         111163989368.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.854482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.854261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.855951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.855851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        60124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                60124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks         103070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              103070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks         103070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        60124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              163194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  29782048000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.478261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.218906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.069421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     17.39%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     17.39%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     65.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.039645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1771648                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                2720848                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    31636.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               48586.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     30.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 1567476210.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   84.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27184668730                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        2171111                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           2218406.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                2077488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           2082326.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           2231107.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                1496544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                1401480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                1404744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                1505112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          8500876.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               7969728                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          7878873.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          8395545.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         3849016.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              3566592                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         3540049.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         3778928.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       7165819514.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       7164216218.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       7164516686.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       7166964202.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        79383276432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        79384682832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        79384419264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        79382272320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         111162923289.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         111161676838.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         111161604443.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         111162909715.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.855104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.854231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.854181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.855095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1340992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      1340992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         2868                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         2868                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       335248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total       335248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     44992049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       44992049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        96225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total         96225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     45088274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      45088274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs               335248                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 717                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts             335248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               717                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        10714816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ            13120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            13824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          1340992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          2868                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ             410                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts            285                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0        31277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1        38952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2        42387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3        37508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4        40095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5        23397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6        42456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7        78766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap            43780918500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2         335248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           717                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0           334838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       139919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.677506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.393413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.779056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63        25112     17.95%     17.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95        73823     52.76%     70.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127        14929     10.67%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159        19678     14.06%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2335      1.67%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         2651      1.89%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255          424      0.30%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287          606      0.43%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319          120      0.09%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351          172      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383           19      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415           43      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::416-447            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       139919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12880.692308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11364.440178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5801.574971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      7.69%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.85%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      7.69%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      7.69%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.85%     42.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      7.69%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.85%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.85%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            2      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      3.85%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.85%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.85%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            1      3.85%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.615385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.590490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.941357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           18     69.23%     69.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     30.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat            4169342625                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat       9844846725                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          1071481600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12451.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29401.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                359.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              44.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  3.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              3.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits            195303                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               48                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          58.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         11.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap              130313.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             58.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10729269401                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16457570440                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0        198350208                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     202654569.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2        190787184                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     279863942.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0        133807680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1        136711416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2        128705640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3     188797104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    218518310.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    244381862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    199873689.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3       397735104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   112371287.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   112364651.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   112375848.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   112360919.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 11716751517.120001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 12101173908.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 11400218697.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 13327132060.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  75391230816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1  75054018192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  75668891184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3  73978616304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   112368792317.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   112449067099.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   112298614743.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   112882267933.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     78.699658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     78.755880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     78.650508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     79.059281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                42946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          85891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               85891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          85891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  29795167000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.325770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    87.501858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      5.56%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      5.56%     27.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     16.67%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     55.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.237604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     1274200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1952200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    31855.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               48805.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     32.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               73.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 1986344466.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27184146787                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        2693054                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                2376864                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           2067206.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           2599430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           2369606.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1603440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                1394544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1753584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1598544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          9122380.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          7821964.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          9858201.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3               9038016                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         4123975.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         3563688.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         4389396.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         3908321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       7166527482.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       7164286205.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       7171066177.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       7168271901.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        79382655408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        79384621440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2        79378674096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        79381125216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         111164172049.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         111161517549.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         111166103385.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         111164074104                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.855979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.854120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.857332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.855910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1371024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_read::total      1371024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         2732                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         2732                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       342756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_reads::total       342756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data          683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total          683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     45999662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_read::total       45999662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        91662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total         91662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     46091324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total      46091324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs               342756                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                 683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts             342756                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts               683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM        10956896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ            11296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten            12448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys          1371024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          2732                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             353                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0        29291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1        61122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2        29046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3        41976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4        36522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5        42005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6        30699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7        71742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap            43733694500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2         342756                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2           683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0           342403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples       134869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean    81.333323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.947705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.263768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63        20254     15.02%     15.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95        71352     52.90%     67.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::96-127        15671     11.62%     79.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::128-159        16483     12.22%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4725      3.50%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3775      2.80%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255          743      0.55%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1627      1.21%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::288-319           78      0.06%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::320-351          119      0.09%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::352-383           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::384-415           22      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::416-447            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::448-479            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total       134869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean 14187.913043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 13241.037114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5384.294644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.35%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.35%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      8.70%     21.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      8.70%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.35%     47.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      4.35%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      4.35%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      4.35%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            2      8.70%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            2      8.70%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      4.35%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.913043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.880338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.083473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::16           13     56.52%     56.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     39.13%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      4.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat            4013734794                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat       9817465644                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat          1095689600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat              11722.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat         28672.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                367.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys              46.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits            207878                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          60.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         11.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              127340.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate             60.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10584871687                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT  16601968154                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     214873948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     208588262.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     198584870.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3     231570662.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0        144954648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1        140714304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2        133965984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3        156218304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    270920332.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1    242564275.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2    230531558.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3    336005030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   112379996.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   112328985.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   112314885.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3   112350965.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 12631439655.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 12147475236.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 11923462609.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 13232500387.199999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0  74588872800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1  75013402992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  75209905296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3  74061626544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   112561203880.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   112462836554.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   112406527703.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   112728034392.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     78.834417                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     78.765524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     78.726087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     78.951260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1369092                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total      1369092                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         3228                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         3228                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       342273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total       342273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data          807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total          807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     45934841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total       45934841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       108304                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total        108304                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     46043145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total      46043145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs               342273                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                 807                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts             342273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts               807                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM        10941536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ            11200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten            14016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys          1369092                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          3228                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0        33511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1        55089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2        42539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3        34074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4        40338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5        48862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6        29374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7        58136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap            43711751500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2         342273                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2           807                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0           341923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16              11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples       136174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.452597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.613133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.455435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63        20700     15.20%     15.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95        70286     51.61%     66.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127        17618     12.94%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159        19525     14.34%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2585      1.90%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3502      2.57%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255          528      0.39%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287          888      0.65%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::288-319          180      0.13%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::320-351          270      0.20%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::352-383           27      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::384-415           64      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::416-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total       136174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean 13458.230769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12445.366677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5774.599022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.85%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.85%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.85%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.85%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     11.54%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.85%     42.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.85%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      7.69%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.85%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.85%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      3.85%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      3.85%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.85%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            2      7.69%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::26112-26623            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30207            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.846154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.815501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.046606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::16           15     57.69%     57.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::17            1      3.85%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     34.62%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat            3982164297                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat       9777759147                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat          1094153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat              11646.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         28596.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                367.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys              45.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  3.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              3.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits            206120                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits               67                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          60.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate         15.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap              127409.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             60.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10669737672                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT  16517102169                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     211468924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     195266937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     226493366.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     217227830.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0        142657608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1        131727696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2        152793144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3        146542584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    250981785.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1       222700608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    281203353.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    322491187.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   112326497.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   112311567.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2      112420224                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   112365895.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 12478837832.640001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 11979011289.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 12462132856.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 12968293841.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0  74722734048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1  75161178384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2  74737387536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3  74293386672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   112516769195.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   112399958981.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   112570192979.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   112658070509.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     78.803297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     78.721486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     78.840713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     78.902260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     64184472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     19781717                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        41100                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        37007                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        40451                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        41498                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        37910                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        39176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        36108                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        37928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     84277367                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     64184472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     64184472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      4854092                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4092                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3839                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4067                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         4156                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3933                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4108                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3753                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      4886112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst     16046118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      5812991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        41100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        37007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        40451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        41498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        37910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        39176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        36108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        37928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total     22170287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      1654304                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2064                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1983                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2071                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         2050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1670427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2153473626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    663702676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1378959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1241634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1357184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1392313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1271930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1314406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1211471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1272534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2827616734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2153473626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2153473626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    162861184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       137292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       128804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       136453                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       139439                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       131957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       137829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       125918                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       136621                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    163935497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   2153473626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    826563860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1516251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1370437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1493638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1531752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1403888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1452235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1337389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1409155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2991552231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     65688464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     20093402                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        38511                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        37840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        36107                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        36409                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        38200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        39566                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        38909                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        37253                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     86084661                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     65688464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     65688464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      4935328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4065                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3846                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3759                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3843                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3911                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4018                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3996                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3838                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      4966604                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst     16422116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      5929325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        38511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        37840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        36107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        36409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        38200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        39566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        38909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        37253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total     22654236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1693648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2049                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1890                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1932                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1709378                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2203934540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    674160119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1292095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1269582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1211437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1221570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1281660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1327491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1305448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1249887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2888253830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2203934540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2203934540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    165586759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       136386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       129038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       126119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       128938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       131219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       134809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       134071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       128770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    166636110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   2203934540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    839746877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1428481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1398620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1337557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1350508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1412880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1462301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1439519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1378657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3054889939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1336928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_read::total      1336928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         3092                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         3092                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       334232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_reads::total       334232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data          773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total          773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     44855696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_read::total       44855696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       103741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total        103741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     44959437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total      44959437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs               334232                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                 773                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts             334232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts               773                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM        10685696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ             9728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten            14112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys          1336928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          3092                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0        34796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1        34347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2        43804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3        48175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4        35846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5        35708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6        27095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7        74157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap            43726883500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2         334232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2           773                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0           333928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16              12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples       138411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean    77.304607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.445007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.438779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63        24855     17.96%     17.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95        74265     53.66%     71.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127        14959     10.81%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159        15509     11.21%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3232      2.34%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223         3591      2.59%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255          565      0.41%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287          938      0.68%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::288-319          151      0.11%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::320-351          288      0.21%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::352-383           29      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::384-415           29      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total       138411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12610.230769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 11755.225242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4664.802747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      7.69%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     11.54%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.85%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.85%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.85%     34.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      7.69%     42.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.85%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      7.69%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.85%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2      7.69%     65.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      3.85%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      3.85%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2      7.69%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.85%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.961538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.929025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.076319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::16           14     53.85%     53.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18           11     42.31%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat            4136113585                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat       9796193185                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat          1068569600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat              12386.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat         29336.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                358.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys              44.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  3.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              3.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits            195901                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               57                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          58.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         12.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              130526.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             58.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10826887336                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT  16359952505                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     201290140.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     228914380.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     202309833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     247192646.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0        135790968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1        154426368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2        136478856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3     166756944.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0       231751104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1    285165004.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    235318886.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    339981657.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   112329400.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   112338938.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   112380410.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3      112347648                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 12207459026.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 12296445238.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 11998213084.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 12998449704.960001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0  74960785632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  74882727552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  75144334704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3  74266934160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   112447168771.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   112557779981.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   112426798274.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   112729425260.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     78.754551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     78.832019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     78.740284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     78.952234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                34357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          85891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               85891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          85891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total              120248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  29783696000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.551867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.226235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.143756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     28.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate              100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 2127406857.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   96.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27184478378                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        2361463                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                2150064                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           2286748.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           2189980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                2162160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                1450440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           1542648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2           1477368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                1458600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          8252774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          8877273.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          8293209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          8232806.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         3739115.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         3799664.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         3699302.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         3632947.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       7164087791.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       7167332796.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       7167230470.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       7166039051.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        79384795488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        79381948992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        79382038752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3        79383083856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         111162238172.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         111163550622.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         111162691582.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         111162371920.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.854625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.855544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.854942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.854718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     66656716                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data     20407179                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        34264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        36689                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        35518                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        36035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        36242                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        37073                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        38848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        35676                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     87354240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     66656716                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     66656716                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      5004158                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3819                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4097                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4026                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         4042                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3998                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4209                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      5036547                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst     16664179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      6019482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        34264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        36689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        35518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        36035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        36242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        37073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        38848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        35676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total     22974006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1716935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2060                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1983                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1733238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2236420670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    684687751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1149602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1230964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1191676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1209022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1215967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1243848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1303402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1196977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2930849878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2236420670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2236420670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    167896096                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       128132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       137460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       135078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       135614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       134138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       141217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       142996                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       132058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    168982790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   2236420670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    852583847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1277735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1368424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1326753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1344636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1350105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1385066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1446397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1329035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3099832668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1354912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total      1354912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         2364                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         2364                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       338728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total       338728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data          591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total          591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     45459083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total       45459083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        79315                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total         79315                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     45538399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      45538399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs               338728                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                 591                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts             338728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts               591                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM        10831552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ             7744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten            11776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys          1354912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          2364                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0        52895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1        26232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2        26878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3        44396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4        41926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5        27517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6        43215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7        75427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap            43770622000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2         338728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2           591                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0           338486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples       146586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean    73.972467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.573963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    36.918927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63        26600     18.15%     18.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95        81614     55.68%     73.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127        16563     11.30%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159        15338     10.46%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2836      1.93%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::192-223         2653      1.81%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255          322      0.22%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287          476      0.32%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::288-319           54      0.04%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::320-351          108      0.07%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::352-383           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::384-415            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::416-447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total       146586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean 15835.181818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 14183.007949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  7670.912478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            3     13.64%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      4.55%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      4.55%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            3     13.64%     40.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      4.55%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      4.55%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            3     13.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      4.55%     68.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            2      9.09%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      4.55%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      4.55%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      4.55%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            1      4.55%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::39936-40959            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.727273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.700170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.984732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16           14     63.64%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            8     36.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat            4362585381                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat      10099923081                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat          1083155200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat              12888.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         29838.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                363.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys              45.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  3.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              3.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits            192222                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               46                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          56.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         12.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              128995.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             56.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10499244762                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT  16687595079                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     194507308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     226980835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     200748844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     264569155.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0     131215248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1        153121992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2        135425808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3        178479192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    211384243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    281209843.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    224059929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3    371857574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0      112358016                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   112323594.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   112362992.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   112327741.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 11752040992.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 12403725330.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 11825771376.960001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 13354349022.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0  75360275136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1  74788622208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2  75295599360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  73954741776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   112359543443.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   112563746302.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   112391730811.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   112834086960.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     78.693180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     78.836198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     78.715723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     79.025536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     69277328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     20957905                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        33604                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        32663                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        33679                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        32267                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        30536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        31752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        33333                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        33306                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     90496373                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     69277328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     69277328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      5152283                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3879                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3986                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3951                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3613                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4018                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      5183370                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     17319332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      6222841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        33604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        32663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        33679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        32267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        30536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        31752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        33333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        33306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     23803313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1786553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1994                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         2026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1802202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2324345657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    703165334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1127458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1095887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1129975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1082600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1024523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1065321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1118366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1117460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   3036272581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2324345657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2324345657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    172865885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       131790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       130146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       133736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       132561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       121221                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       125616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       133132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       134809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    173908895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   2324345657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    876031219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1259248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1226032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1263710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1215162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1145744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1190938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1251498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1252269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3210181476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        42946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         8589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                68713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks         120248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total              120248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks         120248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        42946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         8589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total              188961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  29819752000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.432129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.523597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     17.86%     17.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     17.86%     35.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     64.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.388307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     2251640                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                3336440                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    35181.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               52131.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     28.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               89.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 1355443272.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   88.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27184437857                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2401984                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           2108937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           2381097.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           2081721.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           2298844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                1422696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                1606296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                1404336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3           1550808.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          7994188.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               9117888                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          7831948.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          8736998.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         3788881.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         3968040.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         3553735.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         3928227.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       7163288769.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       7167741937.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       7165463780.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       7167099798.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        79385496384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1        79381590096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2        79383588480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3        79382153376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         111161862357.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         111164167855.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         111161686501.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         111163530552.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.854361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.855976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.854238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.855530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                34357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          77302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               77302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          77302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        34357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              111659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  29801863000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean          208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.058536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.217912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     18.75%     18.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     18.75%     37.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     62.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     27.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 2292451000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   84.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27185243071                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        1596770                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           2235945.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           2088374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                2140992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           2272233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                1508376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                1408824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                1444320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                1532856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          8549798.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          7944268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               8067072                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          8654131.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         3938181.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         3559956.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         3623408.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         3798835.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       7164949521.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       7163931839.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       7165189961.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       7167136625.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        79384039584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        79384932288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        79383828672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3        79382121072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         111162983905.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         111161628049.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         111162056925.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         111163278252.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.855147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.854197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.854498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.855353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      1410560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total      1410560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         3460                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         3460                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       352640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total       352640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data          865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_writes::total          865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     47326147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total       47326147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       116088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_write::total        116088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     47442235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total      47442235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs               352640                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                 865                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts             352640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts               865                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM        11271008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ            13472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten            16032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys          1410560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys          3460                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0        27580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1        53409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2        52905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3        45535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4        38663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5        29879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6        28820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7        75428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap            43728076500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2         352640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2           865                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0           352219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25              32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26              33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32              30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       143383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    78.719513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.035220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.668836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63        23634     16.48%     16.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95        73693     51.40%     67.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127        23393     16.32%     84.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159        12252      8.54%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2634      1.84%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223         6546      4.57%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255          398      0.28%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287          533      0.37%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319          109      0.08%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::320-351          118      0.08%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::352-383           33      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-415           28      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::416-447           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       143383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean 11660.166667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 10490.897390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5569.034790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.33%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     10.00%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.33%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     10.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     10.00%     43.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.33%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.33%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      6.67%     56.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.33%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.33%     63.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.33%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.33%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            1      3.33%     76.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            3     10.00%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            1      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26111            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.700000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.670688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.022168                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            9     30.00%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat            4216967596                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat      10187079646                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat          1127100800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat              11972.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         28922.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                378.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys              47.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  3.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              3.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits            209278                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits               59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          59.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate         11.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap              123698.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             59.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10191231422                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT  16995608419                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     223789305.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     236654006.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     189428803.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     235789747.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0        150968976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1        159647544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2     127789272.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3        159064512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    265747123.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    299042764.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2       203755968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3       351671424                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   112353039.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   112350965.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   112294978.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   112415662.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 12495810170.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 12928688490.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 11660224279.680002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 13350732906.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  74707846032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  74328128208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2  75440816112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3  73957913808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   112554277146.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   112662274478.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   112332071912.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   112765350558.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     78.829566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     78.905204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     78.673940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     78.977395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     66756736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     20371152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        34872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        37524                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        36188                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        36455                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        35350                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        36016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        34233                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        37411                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     87415937                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     66756736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     66756736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      5000194                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         3864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         3996                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3929                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         3951                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3946                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         3829                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      5031982                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     16689184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      6019593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        34872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        37524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        36188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        36455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        35350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        36016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        34233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        37411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     22996826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1720402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1944                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1979                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         2072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1736401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2239776473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    683478997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1170002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1258980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1214155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1223113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1186039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1208384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1148562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1255188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2932919894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2239776473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2239776473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    167763099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       129642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       139607                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       134071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       131823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       132561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       132394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       128468                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       137963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    168829628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2239776473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    851242096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1299644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1398587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1348226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1354936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1318600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1340778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1277030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1393151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3101749522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1290424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      1290424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         2928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         2928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       322606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total       322606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data          732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total          732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     43295426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       43295426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        98238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total         98238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     43393664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      43393664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs               322606                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                 732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts             322606                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts               732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        10313984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             9408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            13696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          1290424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys          2928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             294                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            302                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0        40586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1        48863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2        30025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3        40134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4        32841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5        24252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6        48736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7        56875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap            43779319500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2         322606                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2           732                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0           322312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       129100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    79.997521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.861132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.299408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63        20518     15.89%     15.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95        67993     52.67%     68.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127        16304     12.63%     81.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159        14279     11.06%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191         3821      2.96%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4081      3.16%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255          691      0.54%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1170      0.91%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319           80      0.06%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-351          122      0.09%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::352-383           18      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-415           18      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::416-447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::448-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       129100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 12768.653846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12056.056627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  4596.662728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.69%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      7.69%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.85%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     15.38%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.85%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      3.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      3.85%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      3.85%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      3.85%     65.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            2      7.69%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2      7.69%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            1      3.85%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      3.85%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.461538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.436947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.947872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     76.92%     76.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2      7.69%     84.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2      7.69%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2      7.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat            3808652658                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat       9271841058                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          1031398400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              11816.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         28766.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                346.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              43.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  3.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              3.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits            193584                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits               56                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          60.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate         13.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap              135398.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             60.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11427881261                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   2618877600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15758958580                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     208975334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     202165891.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2     189342316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     250475500.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0        140975424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1        136381752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2     127730928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3        168971568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    246985689.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    223855756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    201568473.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    385884595.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   112395755.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   112410270.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   112312396.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   112341427.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 24597762499.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 12047570196.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 11798543525.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 11629657195.199999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 13256153052.480001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0  75101038992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1  75319483440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2  75467629344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  74040878592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   112455703891.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   112390603135.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   112326003153.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   112812467234.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     78.760528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     78.714934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     78.669690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     79.010394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     64972624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     19989894                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data        39444                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        36987                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data        40231                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data        37767                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data        38550                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        37745                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data        38606                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data        38897                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total     85270745                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     64972624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total     64972624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      4908365                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4135                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         3820                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4019                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         3880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4125                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         3869                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         3920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      4940245                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst     16243156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      5879697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data        39444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data        36987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data        40231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data        37767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data        38550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data        37745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data        38606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data        38897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total     22431080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      1675187                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2077                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         2072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1973                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total      1691227                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2179917164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    670687289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1323398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1240963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1349803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1267133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1293403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1266394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1295282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1305046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2860945875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2179917164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   2179917164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    164682115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       138735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       128166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       134843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       130179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       138399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       129810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       137963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       131521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total    165751731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   2179917164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    835369403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      1462133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1369129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      1484646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1397312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      1431802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      1396205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1433245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1436567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   3026697606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             2332998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2332998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                89                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      4924861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      4925039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4925039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      2621651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2622007                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2622007                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1166499000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2333370000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127694000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63847000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1468500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       854000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       859000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        41500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        16500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       396000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        10082                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       220131                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         9378                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        16694                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        38996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       636498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        51000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                         19469                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       236829                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                        19450                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 38996                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      236814                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               683000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               39495                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             687998                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             3352                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3572    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               57500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  89                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          1295657500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             2460799                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2397654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            2460799                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            2332935                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           2332935                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127668                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127668                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               89                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            19                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             83                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       151972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       138210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       161110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       165800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       151964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       158166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       149354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       153710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1230374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       151523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       138000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       163278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       164010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       151726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       160080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       148634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       153042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1230382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       152011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       138410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       164014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       162806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       150390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       158932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       150852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       152876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1230380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       152590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       138958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave       160132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave       161986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave       153458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave       159872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave       149624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave       153668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1230373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               4921509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        79928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        72933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        84467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        86704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        80047                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        82869                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        78640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        80908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total       656480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        79731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        72867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        85512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        86061                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        79778                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        83949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        78181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        80526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total       654541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        79914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        73192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        85976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        85468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        79071                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        83444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        79440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        80347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total       655556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave        80264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave        73235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave        84152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave        84965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave        80737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave        83809                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave        78511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave        80953                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total       655074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                2621651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2794974595                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5717017684                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    272176000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    180046500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       836600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        88800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        26600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       117317                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        33200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       235914                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        22766                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          164                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1512                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      5722200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       129000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       380600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        14000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                        24281                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                         174                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                       24278                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime              6102800                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                        174                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime              143000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime            6105000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime            143000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             113600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              92000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             101400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             130600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             155400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 31                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             106600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             183600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 34                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             135600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 40                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          379189600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             304048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          346353599                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             276789                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         403388400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded            324267                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         407183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            327301                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy         378947200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded            303769                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy         396255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded            318525                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy         373191397                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded            299232                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy         382608799                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded            306648                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1474257882                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            615174                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1474666978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            615182                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1474233264                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            615181                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1474259291                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            615173                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      2332935                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      2332935                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127668                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127668                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1230374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1230382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1230380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1230373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      4921509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       656480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       654541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       655556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       655074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      2621651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1866348000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2099715900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114901200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102134400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       356000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        51200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        66400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        19200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        96000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        24165                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1681                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     11011188                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       704099                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 25847                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                25845                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime      11714787                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     11715687                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    495450600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       615200                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    495371600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       615200                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    495429100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       615199                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    495439500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       615200                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   2202012700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          7.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      2460710                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2346587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2346586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       620473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       613522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       619240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       619238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       617570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       615599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       614555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       617971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4950412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       180480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       534526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       154112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       532132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       156928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       472392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       491819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       156160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       448334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       156160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       450177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       199424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       518581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       267776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       559262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5511959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1173495594                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2634048287                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127704978                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63854474                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     65553997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       861000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       865000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        55498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       116498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      5071996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        13001                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          312                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         9341                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           98                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          155                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           92                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           52                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     82283497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4536468                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     12486499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2542995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1192000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2294000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        29000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1093998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       113999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        22772                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         322                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                       20552                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             60895498                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 2460579                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          101921989                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           4659467                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            7535                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            19314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 19314    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              19314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1368605067                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2479982                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          22918982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               705                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         335178397                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            310559                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             22499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          19573479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               602                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         330622953                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            307031                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         19928483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              613                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        330807915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           310006                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         29549983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              909                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        330969904                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           309959                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         19831983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              610                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        328094914                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           309193                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            22499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         19831979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              610                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        326235926                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           308179                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            22499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         25321990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              779                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy        330827947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded           307585                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            58497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               57                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         34003481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded             1046                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy        336996921                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded           309331                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            70499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               70                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              16689184                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access               8075961                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            335965                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                59610179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           15948957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             15949069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13327136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                112                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1791514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            13327136                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     24341673                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes      9814448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     66911733                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9922052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs              8075960                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts            6354841                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           1721119                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610179                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                  2622045                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7873109     49.36%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6354841     39.84%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1721119     10.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          15949069                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       335248                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       335248    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       335248                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          717                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          717    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          717                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 44998992.950655                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25014575.448768                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          264      8.86%      8.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           54      1.81%     10.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           62      2.08%     12.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           83      2.79%     15.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           91      3.05%     18.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          185      6.21%     24.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          192      6.45%     31.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          136      4.57%     35.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          128      4.30%     40.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          111      3.73%     43.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          159      5.34%     49.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          145      4.87%     54.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          162      5.44%     59.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          133      4.46%     63.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          147      4.93%     68.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          132      4.43%     73.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          146      4.90%     78.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          189      6.34%     84.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          418     14.03%     98.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           42      1.41%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 44992048.924800      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           1340992                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 96139.644176                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 454802.596278                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2831     95.03%     95.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           42      1.41%     96.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           33      1.11%     97.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           39      1.31%     98.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           10      0.34%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            5      0.17%     99.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            6      0.20%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            7      0.23%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            4      0.13%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 96225.179804      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2868                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       335248                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36974.284709                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32910.273063                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23265.562987                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          410      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       195303     58.26%     58.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        68684     20.49%     78.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        53612     15.99%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           92      0.03%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           88      0.03%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2111      0.63%     95.54% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12886      3.84%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2050      0.61%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       335248                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          717                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          717    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          717                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       335248                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   130592.631425                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24298171.164768                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          238      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            9      0.00%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            8      0.00%      0.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       104876     31.28%     31.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        23924      7.14%     38.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          109      0.03%     38.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       127139     37.92%     76.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2889      0.86%     77.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           64      0.02%     77.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        53634     16.00%     93.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           33      0.01%     93.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           79      0.02%     93.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           89      0.03%     93.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           33      0.01%     93.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           51      0.02%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           52      0.02%     93.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           25      0.01%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21996      6.56%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14063596000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total        335248                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          717                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 61128930.962343                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 534998854.739818                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          182     25.38%     25.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     25.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     25.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          109     15.20%     40.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     40.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     40.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     40.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          169     23.57%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     64.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          257     35.84%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14148477500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          717                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        335965                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     130313.927046                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24272227.665985                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          602      0.18%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          293      0.09%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          336      0.10%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       104876     31.22%     31.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        23930      7.12%     38.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     38.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       126970     37.79%     76.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2889      0.86%     77.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           97      0.03%     77.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        53628     15.96%     93.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           33      0.01%     93.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          100      0.03%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           57      0.02%     93.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           36      0.01%     93.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           67      0.02%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           31      0.01%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           25      0.01%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21994      6.55%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14063596000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total          335965                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.425982                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.494574                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1710     57.40%     57.40% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1269     42.60%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000336                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.018322                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2978     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   112.497147                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.540278                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          291      9.77%      9.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           87      2.92%     12.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          126      4.23%     16.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          248      8.32%     25.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          274      9.20%     34.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          182      6.11%     40.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          190      6.38%     46.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          248      8.32%     55.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          232      7.79%     63.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          201      6.75%     69.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          208      6.98%     76.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          342     11.48%     88.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          350     11.75%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.240349                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.137006                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0           2754     92.45%     92.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1             77      2.58%     95.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2             42      1.41%     96.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             33      1.11%     97.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4             33      1.11%     98.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              6      0.20%     98.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6             10      0.34%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              5      0.17%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              5      0.17%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.03%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             7      0.23%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             4      0.13%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     23332074                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     23332075                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1737118                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1737118                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave       671930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     15479990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     16151920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     33378369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     33378369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       608096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       608096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total      50138385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      1343860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     25371346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     26715206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     66756740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     66756740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       319837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total       319837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total       93791783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11666037000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24876044600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1737118000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1148857000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      9116936                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15256546                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       145133                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       332468                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    913470500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7342664500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5315000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     66494600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq              9262069                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            15589014                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           304048                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail               35727                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18414000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          304048                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail               2468                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       506600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    918785500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7409159100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    168341000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       335965                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13234814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         44.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     24733227                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8565620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      8075960                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  17107490400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         57.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16689185                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    351790700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       304048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              17319332                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access               8332733                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            323338                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                59610178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           16540376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             16540526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13792597                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1871568                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            13792597                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     25140599                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     10133669                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     69257922                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     10319274                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs              8332732                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts            6545447                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           1787285                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610178                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                  2748079                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          8207794     49.62%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6545447     39.57%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1787285     10.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          16540526                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       322606                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       322606    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       322606                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          732                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          732    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          732                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 43317354.817053                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24604897.304712                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          268      9.00%      9.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           55      1.85%     10.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           81      2.72%     13.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           73      2.45%     16.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          115      3.86%     19.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          191      6.41%     26.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          198      6.65%     32.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          125      4.20%     37.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          132      4.43%     41.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          146      4.90%     46.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          162      5.44%     51.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          179      6.01%     57.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          181      6.08%     63.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          136      4.57%     68.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          140      4.70%     73.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          107      3.59%     76.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          140      4.70%     81.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          156      5.24%     86.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          340     11.41%     98.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           54      1.81%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 43295425.880047      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           1290424                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 98288.016113                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 431788.131174                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2824     94.80%     94.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           34      1.14%     95.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           25      0.84%     96.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           57      1.91%     98.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           22      0.74%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.03%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           12      0.40%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            1      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 98238.258880      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2928                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       322606                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36351.628612                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32410.988645                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23057.904989                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          294      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       193582     60.01%     60.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        68498     21.23%     81.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        43854     13.59%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           94      0.03%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          115      0.04%     94.99% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2115      0.66%     95.64% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        11983      3.71%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2059      0.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       322606                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          732                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          732    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          732                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       322606                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   135705.224019                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24823229.416122                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          102      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            6      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            6      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       103555     32.10%     32.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        24769      7.68%     39.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          114      0.04%     39.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       126048     39.07%     78.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2640      0.82%     79.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           58      0.02%     79.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        43857     13.59%     93.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           58      0.02%     93.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           95      0.03%     93.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           84      0.03%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           37      0.01%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           39      0.01%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           66      0.02%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21046      6.52%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14093971500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total        322606                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          732                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 60334455.601093                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 548472950.127462                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          203     27.73%     27.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     27.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     27.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          114     15.57%     43.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     43.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     43.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     43.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          159     21.72%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          256     34.97%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14665851000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          732                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        323338                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     135398.003019                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24795113.989587                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          508      0.16%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          288      0.09%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            5      0.00%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          303      0.09%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       103555     32.03%     32.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        24774      7.66%     40.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            2      0.00%     40.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       125889     38.93%     78.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2640      0.82%     79.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           96      0.03%     79.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        43852     13.56%     93.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           58      0.02%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          124      0.04%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           47      0.01%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           43      0.01%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           48      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           37      0.01%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           26      0.01%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21040      6.51%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14093971500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total          323338                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.389392                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.487694                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1819     61.06%     61.06% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1160     38.94%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000336                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.018322                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2978     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean   108.293387                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    61.536700                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          296      9.94%      9.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          109      3.66%     13.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          124      4.16%     17.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          260      8.73%     26.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          274      9.20%     35.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          192      6.45%     42.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          228      7.65%     49.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          274      9.20%     58.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          239      8.02%     67.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          206      6.92%     73.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          188      6.31%     80.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          259      8.69%     88.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          330     11.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.245720                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.079470                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0           2760     92.65%     92.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1             64      2.15%     94.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2             34      1.14%     95.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3             25      0.84%     96.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4             43      1.44%     98.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5             14      0.47%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6             22      0.74%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.03%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8             11      0.37%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             1      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     24125919                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     24125920                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1802934                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1802934                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave       646676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     16018788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     16665464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     34638665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     34638665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       553578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       553578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total      51857707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      1293352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     26110188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     27403540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     69277332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     69277332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       292227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total       292227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total       96973099                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  12062959500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  25714637600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1802934000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1197352400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      9432221                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15840500                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       139217                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       320218                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    943019500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7647161600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5178000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     64046100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq              9571438                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            16160718                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           276789                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail               33229                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     17072500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          276789                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail               1663                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       346100                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    948197500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7711207700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    162035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       323338                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13703858500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         46.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     25605515                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8844350500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         29.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      8332732                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  17748004400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         59.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     17319333                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    319635100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       276789                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access              16243157                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access               7908389                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            353505                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                59610179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts           15528121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps             15528271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13004421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1730357                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts            13004421                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads     23807298                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes      9597937                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     65281824                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9629246                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs              7908389                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts            6232337                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts           1676052                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610179                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                  2524000                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7619882     49.07%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6232337     40.14%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1676052     10.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total          15528271                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       352640                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       352640    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       352640                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          865                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          865    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          865                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 47340181.268882                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25100240.810629                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          227      7.62%      7.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           43      1.44%      9.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           66      2.22%     11.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           56      1.88%     13.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          104      3.49%     16.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          131      4.40%     21.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          200      6.71%     27.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          149      5.00%     32.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          134      4.50%     37.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          113      3.79%     41.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          178      5.98%     47.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          129      4.33%     51.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          163      5.47%     56.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          148      4.97%     61.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          123      4.13%     65.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           89      2.99%     68.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          143      4.80%     73.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          167      5.61%     79.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          508     17.05%     96.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          108      3.63%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 47326147.010099      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes           1410560                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 116146.357838                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 490929.601678                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2813     94.43%     94.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           36      1.21%     95.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           21      0.70%     96.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           55      1.85%     98.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           30      1.01%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            3      0.10%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           10      0.34%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            3      0.10%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            2      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 116087.560015      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3460                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       352640                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36499.118081                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32525.492517                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23137.138654                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          421      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       209277     59.35%     59.47% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        75949     21.54%     81.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        49095     13.92%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           97      0.03%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           97      0.03%     94.98% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2062      0.58%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13334      3.78%     99.35% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2298      0.65%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       352640                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          865                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          865    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          865                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       352640                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   124002.031817                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  23610696.008894                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          215      0.06%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            5      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            5      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       116348     32.99%     33.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        25898      7.34%     40.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          133      0.04%     40.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       134588     38.17%     78.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3199      0.91%     79.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           57      0.02%     79.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        49108     13.93%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           54      0.02%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          104      0.03%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           95      0.03%     93.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           41      0.01%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           44      0.01%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           58      0.02%     93.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22654      6.42%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14016241500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total        352640                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          865                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 50631611.560694                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 485923289.993108                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          224     25.90%     25.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     25.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     25.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          132     15.26%     41.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     41.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     41.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     41.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          221     25.55%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     66.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          288     33.29%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14142100000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          865                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        353505                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     123698.608223                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    23581790.422383                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          663      0.19%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          359      0.10%      0.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            4      0.00%      0.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          395      0.11%      0.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       116348     32.91%     33.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        25906      7.33%     40.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       134379     38.01%     78.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3199      0.90%     79.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           95      0.03%     79.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        49100     13.89%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           54      0.02%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          134      0.04%     93.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           57      0.02%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           46      0.01%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           69      0.02%     93.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           28      0.01%     93.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22634      6.40%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14016241500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total          353505                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.443102                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.496835                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1659     55.69%     55.69% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1320     44.31%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2979    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean   118.350453                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.752732                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          245      8.22%      8.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           91      3.05%     11.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-47           99      3.32%     14.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          201      6.75%     21.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          271      9.10%     30.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          219      7.35%     37.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          207      6.95%     44.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          220      7.39%     52.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          246      8.26%     60.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          180      6.04%     66.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          169      5.67%     72.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          295      9.90%     82.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          536     17.99%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.290366                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.227324                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           2720     91.31%     91.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1             93      3.12%     94.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2             36      1.21%     95.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3             21      0.70%     96.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4             46      1.54%     97.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              9      0.30%     98.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6             30      1.01%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              3      0.10%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              8      0.27%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              2      0.07%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             6      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             2      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     22783720                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     22783721                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1692092                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1692092                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave       707010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     15109768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     15816778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     32486313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     32486313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       648534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       648534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total      48951625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave      1414020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     24898259                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total     26312279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port     64972628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total     64972628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       340107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total       340107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total       91625014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11391860000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24297753200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1692092000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1113892600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      8898768                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     14839080                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       153977                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       349610                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    893272000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7119542400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5482500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     69923000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq              9052745                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp            15188690                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           324267                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail               37375                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     19344500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          324267                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail               2939                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       600300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    898754500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7189465400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    177185000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       353505                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  12906767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     24122307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8379675200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      7908389                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  16656300800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         55.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16243157                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    375669800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       324267                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access              16046118                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access               7820494                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            353199                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                59610178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts           15342532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps             15342686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     12853794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                154                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1707438                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts            12853794                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads     23539314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes      9491219                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     64524360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9508979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs              7820494                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts            6165434                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts           1655060                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610178                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                  2489046                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7522192     49.03%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6165434     40.18%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1655060     10.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total          15342686                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       352443                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       352443    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       352443                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          756                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          756    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          756                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 47317086.270561                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25297712.372446                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          265      8.90%      8.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           47      1.58%     10.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           46      1.54%     12.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           54      1.81%     13.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           97      3.26%     17.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          143      4.80%     21.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          150      5.04%     26.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          150      5.04%     31.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          132      4.43%     36.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          118      3.96%     40.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          143      4.80%     45.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          165      5.54%     50.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          148      4.97%     55.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          129      4.33%     59.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          137      4.60%     64.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          126      4.23%     68.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          134      4.50%     73.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          217      7.28%     80.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          526     17.66%     98.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           52      1.75%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 47299708.571575      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes           1409772                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 101510.574018                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 445748.215473                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2819     94.63%     94.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           48      1.61%     96.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.54%     96.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           55      1.85%     98.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           17      0.57%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            3      0.10%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           16      0.54%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            2      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 101459.185401      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3024                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       352443                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37109.368040                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 33022.143265                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23328.155275                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          430      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       203825     57.83%     57.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        72146     20.47%     78.42% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        57903     16.43%     94.85% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           88      0.02%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          117      0.03%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2072      0.59%     95.50% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13636      3.87%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2212      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       352443                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          756                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          756    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          756                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       352443                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   123908.169548                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  23585195.200824                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          187      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           23      0.01%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           21      0.01%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       112733     31.99%     32.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        23932      6.79%     38.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          128      0.04%     38.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       131149     37.21%     76.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2939      0.83%     76.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           61      0.02%     76.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        57906     16.43%     93.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           35      0.01%     93.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          112      0.03%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           98      0.03%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           53      0.02%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           35      0.01%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           61      0.02%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22938      6.51%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  13997260000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total        352443                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          756                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 57698916.005291                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 517699614.968121                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          212     28.04%     28.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          127     16.80%     44.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     44.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     44.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     44.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          146     19.31%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     64.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          271     35.85%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14064401500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          756                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        353199                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     123642.951990                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    23559939.773052                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          611      0.17%      0.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          314      0.09%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          327      0.09%      0.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       112733     31.92%     32.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        23934      6.78%     39.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     39.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       131000     37.09%     76.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2939      0.83%     76.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          105      0.03%     77.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        57904     16.39%     93.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           35      0.01%     93.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          137      0.04%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           57      0.02%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           54      0.02%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           54      0.02%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           37      0.01%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22923      6.49%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  13997260000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total          353199                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.439409                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.496399                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1670     56.06%     56.06% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1309     43.94%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000336                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.018322                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2978     99.97%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean   118.292716                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    63.254634                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          292      9.80%      9.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           65      2.18%     11.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          104      3.49%     15.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          201      6.75%     22.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          236      7.92%     30.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          194      6.51%     36.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          195      6.55%     43.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          252      8.46%     51.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          207      6.95%     58.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          204      6.85%     65.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          198      6.65%     72.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          394     13.23%     85.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          437     14.67%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.253776                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.114371                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           2746     92.18%     92.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1             73      2.45%     94.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2             48      1.61%     96.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3             16      0.54%     96.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4             48      1.61%     98.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              7      0.23%     98.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6             17      0.57%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              3      0.10%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8             14      0.47%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              2      0.07%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             2      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     22522730                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     22522730                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1671183                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1671183                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave       706398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     14934590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     15640988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     32092236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     32092236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       654602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       654602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total      48387826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave      1412796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     24635809                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total     26048605                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port     64184472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total     64184472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       343198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total       343198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total       90576275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11261365000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24020968000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1671183000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1099316700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      8796053                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     14657551                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       153486                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       349508                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    883264500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7028517900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5367000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     69903100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq              8949539                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp            15007059                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           327301                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail               37752                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     19587000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          327301                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail               2590                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       532000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    888631500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7098421000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    176977500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       353199                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  12755570500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         42.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     23840714                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8285843200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         27.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      7820494                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  16455026400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         55.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16046118                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    379415100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       327301                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access              16703468                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access               8095427                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            343080                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                59610175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts           15963774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps             15963956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13347316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                182                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1789448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts            13347316                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads     24392762                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes      9834929                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     67009605                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9922499                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs              8095427                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts            6372579                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts           1722848                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610175                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                  2616822                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7868529     49.29%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6372579     39.92%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1722848     10.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total          15963956                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       342273                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       342273    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       342273                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          807                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          807    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          807                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 45958106.747231                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25344158.245904                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          256      8.59%      8.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           38      1.28%      9.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           70      2.35%     12.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           80      2.69%     14.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          102      3.42%     18.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          200      6.71%     25.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          165      5.54%     30.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          120      4.03%     34.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          129      4.33%     38.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          119      3.99%     42.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          124      4.16%     47.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          145      4.87%     51.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          175      5.87%     57.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          163      5.47%     63.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          130      4.36%     67.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          125      4.20%     71.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          146      4.90%     76.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          147      4.93%     81.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          438     14.70%     96.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07          107      3.59%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 45934840.958449      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes           1369092                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 108358.509567                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 488656.370117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2818     94.60%     94.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           36      1.21%     95.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           20      0.67%     96.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           60      2.01%     98.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           21      0.70%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.03%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           12      0.40%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            6      0.20%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            1      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            3      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 108303.654257      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3228                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       342273                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36179.682593                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32276.310136                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 22993.150288                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          350      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       206118     60.22%     60.32% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        75060     21.93%     82.25% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        43454     12.70%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          110      0.03%     94.98% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          128      0.04%     95.02% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2174      0.64%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12586      3.68%     99.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2285      0.67%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       342273                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          807                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          807    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          807                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       342273                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   127710.194786                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  23972833.215029                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           91      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            5      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            6      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       112691     32.92%     32.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        26147      7.64%     40.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          167      0.05%     40.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       134262     39.23%     79.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2868      0.84%     80.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           47      0.01%     80.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        43431     12.69%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           41      0.01%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          123      0.04%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          103      0.03%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           42      0.01%     93.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           59      0.02%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           75      0.02%     93.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           37      0.01%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22078      6.45%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14019957000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total        342273                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          807                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 54532253.407683                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 515748074.069886                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          267     33.09%     33.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     33.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     33.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          167     20.69%     53.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          122     15.12%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     68.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          251     31.10%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14472777000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          807                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        343080                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     127409.792177                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    23944620.825285                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          625      0.18%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          301      0.09%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            1      0.00%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          255      0.07%      0.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       112691     32.85%     33.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        26152      7.62%     40.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     40.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       134138     39.10%     79.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2868      0.84%     80.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           97      0.03%     80.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        43426     12.66%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           41      0.01%     93.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          158      0.05%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           55      0.02%     93.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           44      0.01%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           69      0.02%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           39      0.01%     93.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           37      0.01%     93.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22080      6.44%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14019957000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total          343080                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.405505                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.491072                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1771     59.45%     59.45% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1208     40.55%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2979    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean   114.895267                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    63.370666                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          273      9.16%      9.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           86      2.89%     12.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          142      4.77%     16.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          260      8.73%     25.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          226      7.59%     33.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          185      6.21%     39.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          187      6.28%     45.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          224      7.52%     53.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          256      8.59%     61.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          194      6.51%     68.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          209      7.02%     75.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          259      8.69%     83.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          478     16.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.270896                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.221641                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         2818     94.60%     94.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3           56      1.88%     96.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5           60      2.01%     98.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           22      0.74%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           12      0.40%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11            7      0.23%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            3      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     23363736                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     23363736                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1738928                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1738928                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave       686160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     15504694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     16190854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     33406936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     33406936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       607538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       607538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total      50205328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave      1372320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     25447166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total     26819486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port     66813872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total     66813872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       319633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total       319633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total       93952991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11681868000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24910385000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1738928000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1148689200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      9129978                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15267377                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       148556                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       339415                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    914669000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7342314000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5443500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     67885000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq              9278534                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp            15606792                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           303769                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail               36205                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18727000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          303769                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail               2397                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       487900                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    920112500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7410199000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    171943500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       343080                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13248852500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         44.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     24759584                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8584164400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      8095427                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  17123590400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         57.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16703468                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    351319400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       303769                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access              16422116                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access               7962292                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            339319                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                59610178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts           15694079                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps             15694179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13123477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                100                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1758439                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts            13123477                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads     23988622                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes      9670748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     65886696                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9752829                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs              7962292                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts            6268053                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts           1694239                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610178                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                  2570802                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7731887     49.27%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6268053     39.94%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1694239     10.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total          15694179                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       338728                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       338728    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       338728                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          591                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          591    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          591                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 45466398.120175                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25087093.067288                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          267      8.96%      8.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           46      1.54%     10.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           67      2.25%     12.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           70      2.35%     15.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          106      3.56%     18.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          172      5.77%     24.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          166      5.57%     30.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          145      4.87%     34.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          123      4.13%     39.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          115      3.86%     42.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          167      5.61%     48.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          150      5.04%     53.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          166      5.57%     59.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          138      4.63%     63.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          125      4.20%     67.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          123      4.13%     72.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          130      4.36%     76.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          207      6.95%     83.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          485     16.28%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           11      0.37%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 45459083.270295      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes           1354912                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 79355.488419                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 402393.928783                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2856     95.87%     95.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           40      1.34%     97.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           15      0.50%     97.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           37      1.24%     98.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           16      0.54%     99.50% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.03%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            7      0.23%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.13%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 79315.315571      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2364                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       338728                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37427.583489                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 33328.527372                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23333.363229                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          242      0.07%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       192221     56.75%     56.82% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        69726     20.58%     77.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        59000     17.42%     94.82% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           83      0.02%     94.85% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          112      0.03%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2133      0.63%     95.51% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        13044      3.85%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2157      0.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       338728                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          591                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          591    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          591                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       338728                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   129220.560450                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24172680.703043                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           89      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            6      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            5      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       106818     31.54%     31.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        19797      5.84%     37.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           98      0.03%     37.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       127043     37.51%     74.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3211      0.95%     75.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           47      0.01%     75.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        59009     17.42%     93.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           53      0.02%     93.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           70      0.02%     93.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           77      0.02%     93.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           37      0.01%     93.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           32      0.01%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           44      0.01%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22258      6.57%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14063697500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total        338728                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          591                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 74256675.126904                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 600683752.557816                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          153     25.89%     25.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     25.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     25.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           97     16.41%     42.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     42.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     42.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     42.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          127     21.49%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     63.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          214     36.21%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14386567000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          591                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        339319                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     128995.493916                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24151619.920391                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          395      0.12%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          240      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          272      0.08%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       106818     31.48%     31.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        19799      5.83%     37.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     37.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       126912     37.40%     74.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         3211      0.95%     75.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           78      0.02%     75.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        59007     17.39%     93.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           53      0.02%     93.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           87      0.03%     93.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           47      0.01%     93.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           41      0.01%     93.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           50      0.01%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           27      0.01%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           34      0.01%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22247      6.56%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14063697500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total          339319                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.421618                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.493901                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1723     57.84%     57.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1256     42.16%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2979    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean   113.665660                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.734666                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          289      9.70%      9.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           92      3.09%     12.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          119      3.99%     16.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          237      7.96%     24.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          235      7.89%     32.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          206      6.92%     39.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          192      6.45%     45.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          252      8.46%     54.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          232      7.79%     62.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          188      6.31%     68.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          199      6.68%     75.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          384     12.89%     88.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          354     11.88%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.198389                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.005985                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0           2785     93.49%     93.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1             71      2.38%     95.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2             40      1.34%     97.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3             15      0.50%     97.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4             33      1.11%     98.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.13%     98.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6             16      0.54%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.03%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              7      0.23%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.13%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     22992964                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     22992964                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1709969                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1709969                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave       678638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     15245946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     15924584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     32844232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     32844232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       637050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       637050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total      49405866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave      1357276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     25028730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total     26386006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port     65688464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total     65688464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       334071                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total       334071                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total       92408541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11496482000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24518038200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1709969000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1129213300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      8981321                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15008028                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       147322                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       335817                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    901289000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7216108900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5302000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     67165900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq              9128643                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp            15343845                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           318525                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail               36747                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18966500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          318525                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail               2702                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       559400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    906591000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7283274800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    169955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       339319                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13036496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         43.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     24363614                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8442151300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      7962292                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  16835923200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         56.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16422116                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    369177000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       318525                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access              16741751                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access               8096564                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            335005                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                59610178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts           15995697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps             15995845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13363363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                148                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1798032                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts            13363363                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads     24404360                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes      9837682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     67094502                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9953211                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs              8096563                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts            6368988                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts           1727575                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610178                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                  2632630                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7899282     49.38%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6368988     39.82%     89.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1727575     10.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total          15995845                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       334232                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       334232    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       334232                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          773                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          773    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          773                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 44873850.285331                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 25161741.888191                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          285      9.57%      9.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           45      1.51%     11.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           62      2.08%     13.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           66      2.22%     15.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          116      3.89%     19.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          157      5.27%     24.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          191      6.41%     30.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          153      5.14%     36.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          119      3.99%     40.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          120      4.03%     44.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          145      4.87%     48.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          164      5.51%     54.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          162      5.44%     59.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          136      4.57%     64.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          125      4.20%     68.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          128      4.30%     72.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          165      5.54%     78.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          177      5.94%     84.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          429     14.40%     98.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           34      1.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 44855696.368759      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes           1336928                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 103793.219201                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 453649.900893                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2815     94.49%     94.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           59      1.98%     96.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           12      0.40%     96.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           46      1.54%     98.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           26      0.87%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            5      0.17%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            8      0.27%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            4      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 103740.675019      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           3092                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       334232                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36918.279818                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32869.730608                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23254.054903                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          304      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       195901     58.61%     58.70% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        67585     20.22%     78.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        53305     15.95%     94.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          104      0.03%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          101      0.03%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2054      0.61%     95.55% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12736      3.81%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2133      0.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       334232                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          773                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          773    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          773                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       334232                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   130827.938378                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  24241792.529635                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          100      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            3      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            3      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       105301     31.51%     31.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        25174      7.53%     39.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          133      0.04%     39.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       125258     37.48%     76.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2628      0.79%     77.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           43      0.01%     77.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        53319     15.95%     93.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           37      0.01%     93.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          107      0.03%     93.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           88      0.03%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           46      0.01%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           50      0.01%     93.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           52      0.02%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        21858      6.54%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14009767000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total        334232                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          773                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 56244324.708926                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 512468426.515265                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          220     28.46%     28.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          131     16.95%     45.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     45.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     45.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     45.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          154     19.92%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          268     34.67%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14095702500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          773                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        335005                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     130526.062298                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    24213806.955863                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          540      0.16%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          294      0.09%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          312      0.09%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       105301     31.43%     31.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        25182      7.52%     39.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            2      0.00%     39.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       125108     37.35%     76.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2628      0.78%     77.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           85      0.03%     77.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        53311     15.91%     93.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           37      0.01%     93.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          133      0.04%     93.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           49      0.01%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           47      0.01%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           68      0.02%     93.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           26      0.01%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           32      0.01%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        21850      6.52%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14009767000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total          335005                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.422289                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.494007                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1721     57.77%     57.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1258     42.23%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2979    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean   112.184290                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    62.893767                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          314     10.54%     10.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           76      2.55%     13.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          127      4.26%     17.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          235      7.89%     25.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          268      9.00%     34.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          196      6.58%     40.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          190      6.38%     47.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          257      8.63%     55.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          213      7.15%     62.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          194      6.51%     69.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          211      7.08%     76.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          328     11.01%     87.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          370     12.42%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.259483                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.134125                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           2733     91.74%     91.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1             82      2.75%     94.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2             59      1.98%     96.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3             12      0.40%     96.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4             42      1.41%     98.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              4      0.13%     98.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6             26      0.87%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              5      0.17%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              8      0.27%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             4      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     23394228                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     23394228                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1743319                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1743319                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave       670010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     15523117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     16193127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     33483503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     33483503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       598464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       598464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total      50275094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave      1340020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     25422687                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total     26762707                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port     66967008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total     66967008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       314772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total       314772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total       94044487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11697114000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24941300400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1743319000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1153371100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      9142306                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15304457                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       144864                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       331534                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    916196500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7368599700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5193500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     66307300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq              9287170                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp            15635991                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           299232                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail               35623                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18406000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          299232                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail               2411                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       492200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    921390000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7434907000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    167889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       335005                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13272544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         44.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     24802542                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8587337100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      8096563                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  17161134800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         57.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16741752                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    346199600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       299232                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access              16664179                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access               8079856                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access            343439                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                59610176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts           15929812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps             15929948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     13320930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                136                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1784831                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts            13320930                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads     24346328                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes      9818414                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads     66876558                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes      9900374                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs              8079856                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts            6362238                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts           1717618                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles          59610176                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                  2609154                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu          7850092     49.28%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead         6362238     39.94%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        1717618     10.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total          15929948                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       342756                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4       342756    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total       342756                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          683                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          683    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          683                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 46006982.208795                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 24437313.169405                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          210      7.05%      7.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           49      1.64%      8.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           59      1.98%     10.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           60      2.01%     12.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          118      3.96%     16.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          158      5.30%     21.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          203      6.81%     28.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          165      5.54%     34.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07          138      4.63%     38.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          151      5.07%     44.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          146      4.90%     48.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          160      5.37%     54.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          165      5.54%     59.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          145      4.87%     64.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          130      4.36%     69.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          111      3.73%     72.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          135      4.53%     77.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          163      5.47%     82.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07          423     14.20%     96.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07           90      3.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 45999662.104677      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes           1371024                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 91708.627056                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 422624.599868                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         2837     95.23%     95.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06           41      1.38%     96.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           16      0.54%     97.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06           48      1.61%     98.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           20      0.67%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.03%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06            9      0.30%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06            3      0.10%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            1      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            2      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 91662.200567      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           2732                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples       342756                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36252.147300                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32304.173231                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23079.392476                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383          353      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       207878     60.65%     60.75% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151        70704     20.63%     81.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535        46428     13.55%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           91      0.03%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          102      0.03%     94.98% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         2304      0.67%     95.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        12746      3.72%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         2143      0.63%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total       342756                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          683                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          683    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          683                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples       342756                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   127594.249262                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  23935465.501676                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          144      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            9      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            6      0.00%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       112088     32.70%     32.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        27385      7.99%     40.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          126      0.04%     40.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       131004     38.22%     79.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         2902      0.85%     79.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           52      0.02%     79.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000        46444     13.55%     93.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           95      0.03%     93.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           75      0.02%     93.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000           42      0.01%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           41      0.01%     93.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           56      0.02%     93.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           37      0.01%     93.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        22216      6.48%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  14008363000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total        342756                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          683                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 64183608.345534                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 558976224.603842                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          196     28.70%     28.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%     28.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     28.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          126     18.45%     47.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     47.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     47.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     47.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          122     17.86%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          239     34.99%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  14419250500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          683                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples        343439                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     127340.501516                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    23911652.358943                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          536      0.16%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000          270      0.08%      0.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            3      0.00%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000          276      0.08%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       112088     32.64%     32.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        27386      7.97%     40.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%     40.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       130878     38.11%     79.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000         2902      0.84%     79.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           90      0.03%     79.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000        46443     13.52%     93.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           34      0.01%     93.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          122      0.04%     93.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           38      0.01%     93.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           48      0.01%     93.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           58      0.02%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           29      0.01%     93.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           37      0.01%     93.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        22201      6.46%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  14008363000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total          343439                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.414569                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.492730                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         1744     58.54%     58.54% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         1235     41.46%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         2979    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean   115.017120                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    61.087289                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          234      7.85%      7.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           84      2.82%     10.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          125      4.20%     14.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          224      7.52%     22.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          296      9.94%     32.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          214      7.18%     39.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          227      7.62%     47.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          240      8.06%     55.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          242      8.12%     63.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          191      6.41%     69.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          191      6.41%     76.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          270      9.06%     85.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          441     14.80%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.229272                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.056561                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           2762     92.72%     92.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1             75      2.52%     95.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2             41      1.38%     96.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3             16      0.54%     97.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4             41      1.38%     98.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              7      0.23%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6             20      0.67%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              1      0.03%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              8      0.27%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              1      0.03%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             3      0.10%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             1      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             2      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     23316762                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     23316762                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      1733921                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      1733921                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave       686878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     15472834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     16159712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     33328358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     33328358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       613296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       613296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total      50101366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave      1373756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     25411337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total     26785093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port     66656716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total     66656716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       322734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total       322734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total       93764543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  11658381000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24861106000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1733921000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1145094100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      9111535                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     15231479                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       148328                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp       340061                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    912693500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   7323127600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      5440000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     68013700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq              9259863                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp            15571540                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess           306648                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail               36470                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime     18883000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess          306648                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail               2391                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime       488700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime    918133500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime   7391141300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    172061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded       343439                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  13220241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         44.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     24707244                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy   8568072600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded      8079856                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  17083441600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         57.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     16664179                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy    354685900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded       306648                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       142                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8036.216504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       11356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     79.971831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4853.703438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data    60.521655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst           54                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data           33                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst           55                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data           36                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    17.940201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data           20                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           33                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    21.017931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    15.403841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   567.086078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  2026.543360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.592493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.026733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.007388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.006592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.004028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.006714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.004395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.004028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.002566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.001880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.069224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.247381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8055                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001343                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983276                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     94673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    94673                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    9473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst          1046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     9601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    9601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    52                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2926500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         3299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       457500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       328000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1567500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       195500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       399500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1761500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       809000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3342500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       399500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       933000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          6642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       399500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       933000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         6642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.006579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.046667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.001980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.002527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.882353                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.692308                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.769231                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.612903                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.214286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.378378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.179487                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.009375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.071869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.005387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.009375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.071869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.005387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 139357.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137479.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        39200                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 36444.444444                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        32625                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21722.222222                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        26125                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        16375                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        32500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        32500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10289.473684                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 133166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 125821.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       119375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 133166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 133942.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 103666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127730.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 133166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 133942.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 103666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127730.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   89                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        89                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            60                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2695500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3035500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       814000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       271000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       325000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       326500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       490500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       216500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       488500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3258000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       217000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       163000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       163500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       216500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1031000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       366500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1607500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       721000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3034500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       366500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       566500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       366500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       566500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   8796682459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   8695034950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   8783702952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   8783176950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   8760599455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   8731339443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data   8710028454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data   8755029949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  70015594612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    480012999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    478987998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    479947497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    479344496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    480031498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    480205997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    479911497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    480342496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3838784478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data   9276695458                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data   9174022948                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data   9263650449                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data   9262521446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data   9240630953                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data   9211545440                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data   9189939951                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data   9235372445                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  73854379090                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.006579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.046667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.001980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.882353                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612903                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.009375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.071869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.005387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.009375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.071869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.016791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.005387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 128357.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126479.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54266.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54200                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54416.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54125                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54277.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54125                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54263.157895                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 122166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 114821.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        90125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       108375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 122166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 122942.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 92666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116730.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 122166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 122942.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 92666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116730.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                      19469                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples       583082                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.005685                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000124                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.204045                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         583069    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total        583082                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32100                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.183271                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.577492                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.362063                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32074     99.92%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           26      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32100                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     19680765.357503                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2887301.570840                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           19      0.64%      0.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           17      0.57%      1.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07         2935     98.52%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.10%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            3      0.10%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        19674392.176356      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                    586397                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2351930.177912                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2654753.355765                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2931     98.39%     98.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           24      0.81%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.19% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           22      0.74%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       2351377.014029      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  70083                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples          583082                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11364.734634                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11361.962900                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        435.704779                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       583064    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total            583082                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          32074                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11485.892000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11482.924796                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       264.623215                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31278     97.52%     97.52% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          795      2.48%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            32074                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples              583082                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           51018.014619                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          41375.488604                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                  596      0.10%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000             2942      0.50%      0.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7526      1.29%      1.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000           16689      2.86%      4.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000           25750      4.42%      9.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000           36164      6.20%     15.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000           46296      7.94%     23.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           52557      9.01%     32.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           56486      9.69%     42.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           59341     10.18%     52.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000           56235      9.64%     61.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           54268      9.31%     71.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000           45987      7.89%     79.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000           36334      6.23%     85.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000           25919      4.45%     89.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000           16359      2.81%     92.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000            8282      1.42%     93.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000            3302      0.57%     94.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           26476      4.54%     99.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1287      0.22%     99.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              4286      0.74%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          22374000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                583082                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             32100                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         928858.193146                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1210390.817635                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              5      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            27      0.08%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            48      0.15%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            94      0.29%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           119      0.37%      0.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           154      0.48%      1.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           190      0.59%      1.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           185      0.58%      2.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           178      0.55%      3.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           161      0.50%      3.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           178      0.55%      4.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           159      0.50%      4.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           125      0.39%      5.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            90      0.28%      5.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            57      0.18%      5.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            21      0.07%      5.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            63      0.20%      5.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           172      0.54%      6.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6419     20.00%     26.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23654     73.69%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            3000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        52731000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               32100                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                615182                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             48445.671362                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            76942.245281                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                    640      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000               3235      0.53%      0.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000              8384      1.36%      1.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000             18516      3.01%      5.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000             28667      4.66%      9.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             40238      6.54%     16.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             51562      8.38%     24.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             58553      9.52%     34.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             62858     10.22%     44.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             65842     10.70%     55.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000             62682     10.19%     65.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             60304      9.80%     75.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000             51313      8.34%     83.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000             40422      6.57%     89.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000             28884      4.70%     94.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000             18269      2.97%     97.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000              9236      1.50%     99.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3575      0.58%     99.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000              1151      0.19%     99.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              105      0.02%     99.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                 746      0.12%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            52731000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                  615182                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.224572                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.418174                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             2311     77.58%     77.58% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              667     22.39%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.012756                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.112238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            2941     98.72%     98.72% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              38      1.28%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           195.694864                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           15.364779                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    7      0.23%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                   2      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                   1      0.03%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                   5      0.17%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.23%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                   0      0.00%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111                  2      0.07%      0.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127                 8      0.27%      1.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143                 2      0.07%      1.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159                 4      0.13%      1.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175                11      0.37%      1.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191               218      7.32%      8.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207              2705     90.80%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223                 7      0.23%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean           10.772071                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           3.619598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-1                   13      0.44%      0.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2-3                   39      1.31%      1.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-5                  138      4.63%      6.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6-7                  338     11.35%     17.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-9                  566     19.00%     36.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10-11                677     22.73%     59.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-13                559     18.76%     78.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14-15                371     12.45%     90.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-17                164      5.51%     96.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18-19                 78      2.62%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-21                 25      0.84%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::22-23                  8      0.27%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-25                  3      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples       583589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.006117                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000133                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.248952                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         583575    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total        583589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.133084                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.589097                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     6.057956                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31572     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           17      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     19706310.842565                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2650691.545040                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           21      0.70%      0.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           14      0.47%      1.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07         2936     98.56%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            2      0.07%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            1      0.03%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            2      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        19699958.280614      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                    587159                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2261161.463578                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2784657.450984                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         2967     99.60%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            9      0.30%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       2260754.904318      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  67382                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples          583589                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11365.560009                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11362.484523                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        519.815370                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383          583573    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total            583589                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          31571                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11488.809350                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11485.654756                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       279.657487                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287        30775     97.48%     97.48% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335          795      2.52%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            31571                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples              583589                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           50986.865757                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          48322.524344                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                  630      0.11%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000             2468      0.42%      0.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7689      1.32%      1.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000           16577      2.84%      4.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000           25779      4.42%      9.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000           36220      6.21%     15.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000           46092      7.90%     23.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           53115      9.10%     32.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           56251      9.64%     41.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           60925     10.44%     52.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000           56689      9.71%     62.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           53664      9.20%     71.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000           45554      7.81%     79.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000           36547      6.26%     85.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000           25871      4.43%     89.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000           16672      2.86%     92.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000            8047      1.38%     94.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000            3133      0.54%     94.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           26136      4.48%     99.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1311      0.22%     99.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              4219      0.72%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          30051000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                583589                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             31589                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         944256.481687                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1249507.009457                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              6      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            18      0.06%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            45      0.14%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            98      0.31%      0.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           109      0.35%      0.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           165      0.52%      1.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           162      0.51%      1.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           161      0.51%      2.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           185      0.59%      3.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           172      0.54%      3.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           163      0.52%      4.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           142      0.45%      4.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           119      0.38%      4.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            85      0.27%      5.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            42      0.13%      5.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            22      0.07%      5.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            49      0.16%      5.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           180      0.57%      6.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6195     19.61%     25.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23471     74.30%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value            6000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        75896000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               31589                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                615178                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             48486.971251                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            104275.042768                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                    672      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000               2761      0.45%      0.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000              8535      1.39%      1.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000             18472      3.00%      4.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000             28684      4.66%      9.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             40279      6.55%     16.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             51075      8.30%     24.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             58864      9.57%     34.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             62583     10.17%     44.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             67584     10.99%     55.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000             63093     10.26%     65.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             59446      9.66%     75.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000             50603      8.23%     83.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000             40532      6.59%     89.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000             28915      4.70%     94.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000             18657      3.03%     97.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000              8948      1.45%     99.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3424      0.56%     99.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000              1189      0.19%     99.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              106      0.02%     99.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                 756      0.12%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            75896000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                  615178                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.222894                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.417868                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             2317     77.78%     77.78% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              660     22.16%     99.93% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.07%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.011413                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.106239                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            2945     98.86%     98.86% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              34      1.14%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           195.864720                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           15.491830                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-15                    7      0.23%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-31                   2      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-47                   3      0.10%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-63                   3      0.10%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.23%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.03%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-111                  1      0.03%      0.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-127                 9      0.30%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-143                 0      0.00%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-159                 5      0.17%      1.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::160-175                12      0.40%      1.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::176-191               194      6.51%      8.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::192-207              2728     91.57%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::208-223                 7      0.23%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean           10.600537                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           3.673213                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-1                   13      0.44%      0.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2-3                   49      1.64%      2.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-5                  169      5.67%      7.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6-7                  360     12.08%     19.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-9                  561     18.83%     38.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10-11                659     22.12%     60.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-13                555     18.63%     79.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14-15                325     10.91%     90.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-17                191      6.41%     96.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18-19                 69      2.32%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-21                 18      0.60%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::22-23                  5      0.17%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-25                  4      0.13%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::26-27                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples       583069                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.006560                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000143                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.293364                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         583054    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total        583069                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32110                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.138337                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.583408                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     6.335939                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32091     99.94%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           19      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32110                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     19697415.240013                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2833673.920957                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           20      0.67%      0.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           13      0.44%      1.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07         2937     98.59%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.03%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            4      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            1      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        19691067.181364      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                    586894                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2304397.448808                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2260390.707283                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         2936     98.56%     98.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           25      0.84%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           17      0.57%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       2303700.591260      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  68662                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples          583069                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11365.651750                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11362.284531                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        556.799806                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383          583050    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            9      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total            583069                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          32092                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11485.074162                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11482.159830                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       262.324254                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31264     97.42%     97.42% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          825      2.57%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            2      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            32092                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples              583069                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           51089.203851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          66816.843032                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                  542      0.09%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000             2647      0.45%      0.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000            7665      1.31%      1.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000           16237      2.78%      4.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000           25672      4.40%      9.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000           34837      5.97%     15.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000           45177      7.75%     22.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           54825      9.40%     32.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           57328      9.83%     42.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           59984     10.29%     52.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000           57831      9.92%     62.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           54878      9.41%     71.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000           43913      7.53%     79.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000           36048      6.18%     85.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000           25782      4.42%     89.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000           16387      2.81%     92.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000            8193      1.41%     93.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000            3048      0.52%     94.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           26559      4.56%     99.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1309      0.22%     99.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              4207      0.72%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          40191000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                583069                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             32110                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         925660.635316                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1145734.731009                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  3      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             10      0.03%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            22      0.07%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            46      0.14%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            75      0.23%      0.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           106      0.33%      0.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           155      0.48%      1.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           173      0.54%      1.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           177      0.55%      2.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           206      0.64%      3.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           188      0.59%      3.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           190      0.59%      4.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           145      0.45%      4.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           102      0.32%      4.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            86      0.27%      5.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            48      0.15%      5.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            27      0.08%      5.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            69      0.21%      5.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           144      0.45%      6.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6340     19.74%     25.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23798     74.11%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value            5000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        14375000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               32110                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                615179                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             48386.866262                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            56856.271733                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                    597      0.10%      0.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000               2955      0.48%      0.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000              8506      1.38%      1.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000             18068      2.94%      4.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000             28632      4.65%      9.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             38887      6.32%     15.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             50352      8.18%     24.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             60775      9.88%     33.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             63846     10.38%     44.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             66509     10.81%     55.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000             64416     10.47%     65.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             60903      9.90%     75.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000             49142      7.99%     83.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000             40097      6.52%     90.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000             28752      4.67%     94.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000             18273      2.97%     97.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000              9124      1.48%     99.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3350      0.54%     99.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000              1122      0.18%     99.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000              106      0.02%     99.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                 767      0.12%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            40191000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                  615179                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.208795                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.407341                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             2358     79.15%     79.15% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              620     20.81%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.012756                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.112238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            2941     98.72%     98.72% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              38      1.28%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           195.690164                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           15.411079                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-15                    7      0.23%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-31                   2      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-47                   2      0.07%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-63                   4      0.13%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.23%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-95                   0      0.00%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-111                  2      0.07%      0.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-127                 8      0.27%      1.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-143                 2      0.07%      1.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-159                 4      0.13%      1.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::160-175                11      0.37%      1.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::176-191               228      7.65%      9.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::192-207              2694     90.43%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::208-223                 8      0.27%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean           10.776099                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           3.670241                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-1                   14      0.47%      0.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2-3                   34      1.14%      1.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-5                  141      4.73%      6.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6-7                  346     11.61%     17.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-9                  606     20.34%     38.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10-11                611     20.51%     58.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-13                599     20.11%     78.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14-15                330     11.08%     90.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-17                167      5.61%     95.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18-19                 93      3.12%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-21                 28      0.94%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::22-23                  6      0.20%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-25                  3      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::26-27                  0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-29                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples       583219                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.002623                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000057                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.817896                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         583213    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total        583219                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31958                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.200544                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.583916                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.513503                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31931     99.92%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           27      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31958                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     19625478.348439                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1925830.583493                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           10      0.34%      0.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           11      0.37%      0.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            9      0.30%      1.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            7      0.23%      1.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07         2938     98.62%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            1      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        19619099.604418      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                    584749                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2351493.789862                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   3568056.588897                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         2961     99.40%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           14      0.47%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       2359496.432966      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  70325                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples          583219                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11364.239162                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11362.146100                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        335.735247                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383       583208    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total            583219                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31931                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11485.991670                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11483.035926                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       264.080111                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31103     97.41%     97.41% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          826      2.59%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            2      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31931                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples              583219                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           51020.566888                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          48915.782003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                  488      0.08%      0.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000             2708      0.46%      0.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000            8227      1.41%      1.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000           16498      2.83%      4.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000           24972      4.28%      9.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000           35371      6.06%     15.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000           45169      7.74%     22.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           53961      9.25%     32.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           57430      9.85%     41.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           59484     10.20%     52.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000           58654     10.06%     62.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           52970      9.08%     71.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000           46588      7.99%     79.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000           35064      6.01%     85.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000           25176      4.32%     89.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000           17284      2.96%     92.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000            8277      1.42%     94.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000            2865      0.49%     94.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           26495      4.54%     99.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1320      0.23%     99.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              4218      0.72%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          30534000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                583219                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31958                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         932116.089868                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1183310.118419                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  2      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              6      0.02%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            23      0.07%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            45      0.14%      0.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            73      0.23%      0.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           117      0.37%      0.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           150      0.47%      1.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           155      0.49%      1.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           180      0.56%      2.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           194      0.61%      2.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           184      0.58%      3.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           162      0.51%      4.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           147      0.46%      4.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           104      0.33%      4.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            69      0.22%      5.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            57      0.18%      5.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            19      0.06%      5.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            64      0.20%      5.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           165      0.52%      6.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         6363     19.91%     25.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           23679     74.09%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            4000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        43670000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31958                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                615177                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             48422.756377                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            63468.689540                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                    531      0.09%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000               2996      0.49%      0.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000              9060      1.47%      2.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000             18354      2.98%      5.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000             27832      4.52%      9.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             39412      6.41%     15.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             50330      8.18%     24.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             59985      9.75%     33.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             63812     10.37%     44.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             66195     10.76%     55.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000             65131     10.59%     65.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             58977      9.59%     75.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000             51766      8.41%     83.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000             39103      6.36%     89.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000             28149      4.58%     94.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000             19215      3.12%     97.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000              9169      1.49%     99.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000              3114      0.51%     99.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000              1178      0.19%     99.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              115      0.02%     99.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                 753      0.12%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            40245000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                  615177                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.215509                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.412059                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             2338     78.48%     78.48% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              640     21.48%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.012756                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.112238                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            2941     98.72%     98.72% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              38      1.28%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           195.741188                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           15.464158                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-15                    7      0.23%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-31                   2      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-47                   4      0.13%      0.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-63                   2      0.07%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-79                   7      0.23%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.03%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-111                  1      0.03%      0.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-127                 9      0.30%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-143                 1      0.03%      1.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-159                 4      0.13%      1.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::160-175                 9      0.30%      1.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::176-191               230      7.72%      9.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::192-207              2700     90.63%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::208-223                 2      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean           10.724404                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           3.707884                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-1                   10      0.34%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2-3                   33      1.11%      1.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-5                  165      5.54%      6.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6-7                  368     12.35%     19.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-9                  559     18.76%     38.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10-11                670     22.49%     60.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-13                520     17.46%     78.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14-15                344     11.55%     89.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-17                195      6.55%     96.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18-19                 67      2.25%     98.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-21                 32      1.07%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::22-23                 12      0.40%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-25                  3      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::26-27                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-29                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::30-31                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-33                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::34-35                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-37                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::38-39                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      2332968                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.006230                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000135                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       1.260428                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         2332911    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           57      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        2332968                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127757                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.163889                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.583450                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      6.848588                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127668     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           89      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127757                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      78709969.788520                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     8793811.050543                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           18      0.60%      0.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07           14      0.47%      1.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         2939     98.66%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            3      0.10%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             2979                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         78684517.242752      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    2345199                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     9268982.880161                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    6911424.973956                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         2921     98.05%     98.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           23      0.77%     98.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07           23      0.77%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.10%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            3      0.10%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            2      0.07%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            2979                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        9275328.942573      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  276452                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          2332959                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20013.347427                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20011.790091                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         450.584895                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      2332894    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           40      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            2332959                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127668                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20064.334837                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20063.036009                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        239.987216                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-4095                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-20479       115523     90.49%     90.49% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-24575        12142      9.51%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::40960-45055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::45056-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::49152-53247            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::53248-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::57344-61439            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::61440-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::65536-69631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::69632-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::73728-77823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::77824-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127668                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              2332968                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            12768.312724                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           31643.840570                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                789949     33.86%     33.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            476906     20.44%     54.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           341868     14.65%     68.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           241158     10.34%     79.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           166471      7.14%     86.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           112809      4.84%     91.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            76871      3.29%     94.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            49217      2.11%     96.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            33105      1.42%     98.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            19644      0.84%     98.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            10872      0.47%     99.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             6729      0.29%     99.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             3529      0.15%     99.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             1550      0.07%     99.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              861      0.04%     99.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000              359      0.02%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              187      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              179      0.01%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000              568      0.02%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              30      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                106      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           37264500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                2332968                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127757                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          233295.146254                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         422895.991953                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                2839      2.22%      2.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            2459      1.92%      4.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000           2588      2.03%      6.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           2290      1.79%      7.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000           2464      1.93%      9.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000           2221      1.74%     11.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000           2310      1.81%     13.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           2223      1.74%     15.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000           2160      1.69%     16.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000           2058      1.61%     18.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000           2000      1.57%     20.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000           2059      1.61%     21.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           2000      1.57%     23.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           1974      1.55%     24.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000           2034      1.59%     26.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000           1909      1.49%     27.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           1792      1.40%     29.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           2009      1.57%     30.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           1857      1.45%     32.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         29174     22.84%     55.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            57337     44.88%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         37540500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127757                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                2460725                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              12112.319743                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             32367.015967                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                  865369     35.17%     35.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              518620     21.08%     56.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             362610     14.74%     70.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             250344     10.17%     81.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             168751      6.86%     88.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             111418      4.53%     92.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000              73710      3.00%     95.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000              45291      1.84%     97.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000              29371      1.19%     98.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              16393      0.67%     99.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               8669      0.35%     99.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               5046      0.21%     99.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               2483      0.10%     99.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               1022      0.04%     99.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                549      0.02%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                223      0.01%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                115      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                145      0.01%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                467      0.02%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                27      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  102      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             37264500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  2460725                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.548842                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.138148                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0               547     18.36%     18.36% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              1009     33.87%     52.23% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               867     29.10%     81.34% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               395     13.26%     94.60% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4               127      4.26%     98.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                27      0.91%     99.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 6      0.20%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          2979                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.087613                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.297817                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             2730     91.64%     91.64% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              238      7.99%     99.63% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2               10      0.34%     99.97% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         2979                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            782.993958                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            60.271693                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-63                     7      0.23%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-127                   2      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-191                  2      0.07%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-255                  4      0.13%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-319                  7      0.23%      0.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-383                  1      0.03%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-447                  1      0.03%      0.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-511                  9      0.30%      1.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-575                  1      0.03%      1.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-639                  4      0.13%      1.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::640-703                 11      0.37%      1.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::704-767                 24      0.81%      2.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::768-831               2906     97.55%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::832-895                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::896-959                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::960-1023                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1024-1087                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1088-1151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1152-1215                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1216-1279                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            42.873112                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            6.552112                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                     7      0.23%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                     2      0.07%      0.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                    2      0.07%      0.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                   2      0.07%      0.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                   2      0.07%      0.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                   8      0.27%      0.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                  20      0.67%      1.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                  82      2.75%      4.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                 186      6.24%     10.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                 506     16.99%     27.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                 739     24.81%     52.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                 717     24.07%     76.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                 494     16.58%     92.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                 174      5.84%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                  36      1.21%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   2      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                2979                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     3191808                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1303834                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 3191819                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1303834                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          4495642                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      4495653                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    11930830                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                11930830                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         11930830                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     11930830                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        59541796                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   10629497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11257364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             10883500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     637525                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       336309                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    10883500                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17056784                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           8910644                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            43313319                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4178011                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      4496379                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    3192001                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1304378                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              68303.564512                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              59473492.435488                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.998853                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.001147                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           984193                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6761497     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     328      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 3192001     28.35%     88.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1304378     11.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  11258206                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           12169092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         17261.123404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23862365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        23862365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     11930125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11930125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     11930125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11930125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     11930125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11930125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12083482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12083482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12083482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12083482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     12083482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12083482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     11930830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11930830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     11930830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11930830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     11930830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11930830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17139.690780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17139.690780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17139.690780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17139.690780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17139.690780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17139.690780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     10660518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10660518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     10660518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10660518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     10660518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10660518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15121.302128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15121.302128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15121.302128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15121.302128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15121.302128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15121.302128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               120                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.867807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4819671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          8668.473022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   198.867807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.776827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8374179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8374179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2897280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2897280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1287105                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1287105                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      4184385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4184385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      4184455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4184455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          212                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          212                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          220                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          220                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9858977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9858977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2476999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2476999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1010499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1010499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6194500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6194500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12335976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12335976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12335976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12335976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      2898088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2898088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1287350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1287350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           91                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4185438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4185438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4185529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4185529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000190                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.406130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.406130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.424710                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.424710                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12201.704208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12201.704208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10110.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10110.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4766.504717                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4766.504717                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28156.818182                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28156.818182                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11715.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11715.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11486.011173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11486.011173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              298                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          220                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          220                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8224021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8224021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1986001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1986001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       233501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       233501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       394000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5754500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5754500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10210022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10210022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10443523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10443523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  12322120077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12322120077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    665677502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    665677502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  12987797579                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12987797579                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.367816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.424710                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424710                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10178.243812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10178.243812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8106.126531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8106.126531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11119.095238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11119.095238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2052.083333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2052.083333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26156.818182                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26156.818182                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9696.127255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9696.127255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9723.950652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9723.950652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2793                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     3156383                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1288879                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 3156385                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1288879                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          4445262                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      4445264                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    11796489                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                11796489                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         11796489                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     11796489                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        58857933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   10509621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     11129418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10760026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     630252                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       332236                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10760026                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           16863067                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8809782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            42823081                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            4130286                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4445929                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3156553                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1289376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              742752.137721                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              58115180.862279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.987381                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.012619                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           972651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  6683964     60.05%     60.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     281      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3156553     28.36%     88.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1289376     11.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  11130176                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           12013229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         19955.529900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23593580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        23593580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     11795887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11795887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     11795887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11795887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     11795887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11795887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10398479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10398479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10398479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10398479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     10398479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10398479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     11796489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11796489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     11796489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11796489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     11796489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11796489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17273.220930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17273.220930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17273.220930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17273.220930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17273.220930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17273.220930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      9177521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9177521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      9177521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9177521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      9177521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9177521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15245.051495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15245.051495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15245.051495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15245.051495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15245.051495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15245.051495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               109                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          181.928327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             584539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1076.499079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   181.928327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.710658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8280209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8280209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2865354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2865354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1272296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1272296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           47                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           47                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      4137650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4137650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      4137697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4137697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          210                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         1002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         1017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9261968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9261968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1571499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1571499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       896500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       896500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4981500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4981500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10833467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10833467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10833467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10833467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      2866146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2866146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1272506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1272506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           62                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          441                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4138652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4138652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4138714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4138714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000165                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.423767                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.423767                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.405896                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.405896                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11694.404040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11694.404040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7483.328571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7483.328571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4743.386243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4743.386243                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27829.608939                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27829.608939                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10811.843313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10811.843313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10652.376598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10652.376598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7649032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7649032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1150501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1150501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       159000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       390500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       390500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4625500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4625500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8799533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8799533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8958533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8958533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  12176730511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12176730511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    664822503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    664822503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  12841553014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12841553014                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000165                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.392377                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392377                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.403628                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403628                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9657.868687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9657.868687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5478.576190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5478.576190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        10600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10600                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2231.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2231.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25985.955056                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25985.955056                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8781.969062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8781.969062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8808.783677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8808.783677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2548                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3187211                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         5                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1301973                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 3187216                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1301973                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          4489184                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      4489189                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    11913451                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                11913451                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         11913451                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     11913451                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        59443026                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   10613977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     11240863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             10867591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     636654                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       335817                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    10867591                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           17031229                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8897540                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            43250058                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            4171897                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      4489897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    3187389                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1302508                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              166740.144532                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              59276285.855468                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997195                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002805                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           982778                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6751462     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     314      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 3187389     28.35%     88.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1302508     11.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  11241675                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           12108072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         19752.156607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23827515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        23827515                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     11912838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11912838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     11912838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11912838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     11912838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11912838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10599983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10599983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10599983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10599983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     10599983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10599983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     11913451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11913451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     11913451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11913451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     11913451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11913451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17291.978793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17291.978793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17291.978793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17291.978793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17291.978793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17291.978793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9362017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9362017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9362017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9362017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      9362017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9362017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15272.458401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15272.458401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15272.458401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15272.458401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15272.458401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15272.458401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               106                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.949545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             597875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1569.225722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   214.949545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.839647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8362000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8362000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      2893265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2893265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1285255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1285255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      4178520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         4178520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      4178570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        4178570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          222                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          222                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data          940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7848481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7848481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2034000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2034000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       985500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       985500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6185000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6185000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9882481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9882481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9882481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9882481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      2893944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2893944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1285496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1285496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          512                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4179440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4179440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4179510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4179510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.415058                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.415058                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.433594                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.433594                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11558.882180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11558.882180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8439.834025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8439.834025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4583.720930                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4583.720930                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27860.360360                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27860.360360                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10741.827174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10741.827174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10513.277660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10513.277660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          222                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          222                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6472519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1552000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1552000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       445500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       445500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5741000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5741000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8024519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8024519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8175519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8175519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  12303839063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12303839063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    665323003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    665323003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  12969162066                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12969162066                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.384170                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384170                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.433594                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433594                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9532.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9532.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6439.834025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6439.834025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         7550                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7550                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2238.693467                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2238.693467                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25860.360360                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25860.360360                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8722.303261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8722.303261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8697.360638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8697.360638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2796                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     3188886                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1303158                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 3188898                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1303158                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          4492044                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      4492056                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    11918622                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                11918622                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         11918622                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     11918622                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        59482686                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   10619386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11247641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10873833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     636940                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       336407                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10873833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17043409                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8902200                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            43275961                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            4173515                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4492881                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3189160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1303721                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              127219.335033                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              59355466.664967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.997861                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.002139                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           983642                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6755417     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     313      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3189160     28.35%     88.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1303721     11.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11248627                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           12090955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         13301.380638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23838153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        23838153                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     11917713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11917713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     11917713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11917713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     11917713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11917713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15654483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15654483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15654483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15654483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15654483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15654483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     11918622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11918622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     11918622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11918622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     11918622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11918622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17221.653465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17221.653465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17221.653465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17221.653465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17221.653465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17221.653465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     13821517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13821517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     13821517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13821517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     13821517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13821517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15205.189219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15205.189219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15205.189219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15205.189219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15205.189219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15205.189219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               172                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          206.605729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            9781466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs         21931.538117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   206.605729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.807054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8367796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8367796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      2894910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2894910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1286440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1286440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           74                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           74                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          315                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      4181350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         4181350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      4181424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        4181424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          215                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          215                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data          908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data          940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7769480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7769480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2214000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2214000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1530498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1530498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5941500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5941500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        33500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        33500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9983480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9983480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9983480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9983480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      2895576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2895576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1286682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1286682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          106                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4182258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4182258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4182364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4182364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.301887                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.301887                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.417745                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.417745                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.405660                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.405660                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11665.885886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11665.885886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9148.760331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9148.760331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  6772.115044                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6772.115044                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27634.883721                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27634.883721                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10995.022026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10995.022026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10620.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10620.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          215                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          215                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6422520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1730000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1730000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       396002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       396002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       745500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       745500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5513500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5513500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      8152520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8152520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      8548522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8548522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  12302932069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12302932069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    663831505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    663831505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  12966763574                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12966763574                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301887                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.360444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.405660                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405660                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9643.423423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9643.423423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7148.760331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7148.760331                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12375.062500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12375.062500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  3823.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3823.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25644.186047                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25644.186047                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8978.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8978.546256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9094.172340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9094.172340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2845                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     3179365                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    1298620                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 3179376                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                1298620                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                          4477985                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                      4477996                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    11885043                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                11885043                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         11885043                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     11885043                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        59301821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   10588451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     11213488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             10840817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                     635067                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       334984                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    10840817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           16989468                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes           8875485                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            43144048                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            4162023                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      4478691                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    3179533                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   1299158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              312283.218184                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              58989537.781816                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.994734                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.005266                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                           980368                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  6735276     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     318      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 3179533     28.35%     88.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                1299158     11.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  11214287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           12036115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         19731.336066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23770696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        23770696                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     11884433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11884433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     11884433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        11884433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     11884433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       11884433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     11234983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11234983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     11234983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11234983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     11234983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11234983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     11885043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11885043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     11885043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     11885043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     11885043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     11885043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18418.004918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18418.004918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18418.004918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18418.004918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18418.004918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18418.004918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     10001017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10001017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     10001017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10001017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     10001017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10001017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16395.109836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16395.109836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16395.109836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16395.109836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16395.109836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16395.109836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry               126                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          205.423041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            4142854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs         13193.802548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   205.423041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.802434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.802434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8341072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8341072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      2886257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2886257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      1281885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1281885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           42                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           42                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          285                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data      4168142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         4168142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      4168184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        4168184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          222                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          231                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          231                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total           860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data          881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total          881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6846480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6846480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2538496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2538496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6602000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6602000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      9384976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9384976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      9384976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9384976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      2886867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2886867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      1282135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1282135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           63                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          516                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          516                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data      4169002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4169002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data      4169065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4169065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.422857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.422857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.447674                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.447674                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11223.737705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11223.737705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10153.984000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10153.984000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  4509.009009                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4509.009009                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 28580.086580                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28580.086580                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10912.762791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10912.762791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10652.640182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10652.640182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          230                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5612520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5612520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2034504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2034504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       115500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       115500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       483500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       483500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6142000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6142000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7647024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7647024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7762524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7762524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  12270841059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12270841059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    664668503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    664668503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  12935509562                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12935509562                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.386667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.445736                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445736                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9200.852459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9200.852459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8138.016000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8138.016000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         5500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2381.773399                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2381.773399                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 26704.347826                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26704.347826                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8891.888372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8891.888372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8811.037457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8811.037457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2686                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     3169969                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    1294974                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 3169980                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                1294974                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                          4464943                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                      4464954                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    11850998                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                11850998                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         11850998                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     11850998                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        59116568                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   10558178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     11181404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             10809409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                     633202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       334161                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    10809409                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           16940405                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes           8849444                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            43019511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            4150458                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      4465651                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    3170137                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   1295514                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              489522.612933                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              58627045.387067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.991719                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.008281                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                           977688                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  6716229     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     323      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 3170137     28.35%     88.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                1295514     11.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  11182205                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           11957884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         19603.088525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23702606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        23702606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     11850388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11850388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     11850388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        11850388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     11850388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       11850388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10590979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10590979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10590979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10590979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     10590979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10590979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     11850998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11850998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     11850998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     11850998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     11850998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     11850998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17362.260656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17362.260656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17362.260656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17362.260656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 17362.260656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17362.260656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      9357021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9357021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      9357021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9357021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      9357021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9357021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15339.378689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15339.378689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15339.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15339.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15339.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15339.378689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               105                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          201.571359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             607554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1941.067093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   201.571359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.787388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8316901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8316901                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      2877847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2877847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      1278230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1278230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           46                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          307                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          307                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data      4156077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         4156077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      4156123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        4156123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          245                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          215                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6920981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6920981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2772500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2772500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       935500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       935500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6123500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6123500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9693481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9693481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9693481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9693481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      2878437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2878437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      1278475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1278475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           65                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data      4156912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4156912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data      4156977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4156977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.292308                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.292308                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.404135                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.404135                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.415238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.415238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11730.476271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11730.476271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11316.326531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11316.326531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  4351.162791                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4351.162791                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 28089.449541                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28089.449541                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11608.959281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11608.959281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11350.680328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11350.680328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          218                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          218                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5722019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5722019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2282500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2282500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       127500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       127500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       416000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       416000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5687500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5687500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8004519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8004519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8132019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8132019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  12229893047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12229893047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    665067008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    665067008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  12894960055                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12894960055                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.292308                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292308                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.372180                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372180                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.415238                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415238                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9698.337288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9698.337288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9316.326531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9316.326531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6710.526316                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6710.526316                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  2101.010101                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2101.010101                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 26089.449541                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26089.449541                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9586.250299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9586.250299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9522.270492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9522.270492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2720                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                     3167347                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        24                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                    1296417                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        9                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                 3167371                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                1296426                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                          4463764                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             33                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                      4463797                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                    11844419                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                11844424                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                         11844419                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                     11844424                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        59063628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   10554453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     11177935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             10804977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                     632318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts       335630                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    10804977                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           16939610                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes           8842425                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            43002887                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes            4147782                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      4464895                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    3167639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   1297256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              541538.844195                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              58522089.155805                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.990831                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.009169                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                           978250                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                  6713938     60.06%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     329      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 3167639     28.34%     88.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                1297256     11.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  11179170                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs           11896360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         15271.322208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23689617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses        23689617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst     11843640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11843640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst     11843640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total        11843640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst     11843640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total       11843640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     13653990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13653990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     13653990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13653990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     13653990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13653990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     11844419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11844419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     11844419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total     11844419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst     11844419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total     11844419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 17527.586650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17527.586650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 17527.586650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17527.586650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 17527.586650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17527.586650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12087010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12087010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12087010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12087010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12087010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12087010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15516.059050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15516.059050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15516.059050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15516.059050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15516.059050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15516.059050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry               142                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          236.481438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs            4167904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs          7675.697974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   236.481438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.923756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8316139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8316139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      2875659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2875659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data      1279633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1279633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          385                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          385                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          379                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          379                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data      4155292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total         4155292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data      4155397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total        4155397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          238                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          203                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          203                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     11300479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11300479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3560498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3560498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1115000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1115000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5642500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5642500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14860977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14860977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14860977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14860977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data      2876408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2876408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data      1279871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1279871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          125                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data      4156279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4156279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data      4156404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4156404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.160000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.341880                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341880                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.348797                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.348797                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15087.421896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15087.421896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14960.075630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14960.075630                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         5575                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5575                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 27795.566502                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27795.566502                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15056.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15056.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14757.673287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14757.673287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          203                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         1007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9785519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9785519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3082502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3082502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       384000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       373000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       373000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5236500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5236500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     12868021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12868021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     13252021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13252021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  12198165530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12198165530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    665092001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    665092001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data  12863257531                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12863257531                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.160000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.311111                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311111                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.348797                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348797                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13064.778371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13064.778371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12951.689076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12951.689076                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  2049.450549                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2049.450549                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 25795.566502                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25795.566502                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13037.508612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13037.508612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13159.901688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13159.901688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2598                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                     3184585                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        24                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                    1302518                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                       13                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                 3184609                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                1302531                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                          4487103                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             37                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                      4487140                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                    11911616                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                11911620                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                         11911616                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                     11911620                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                        59610218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   10615023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     11245728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             10868028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                     636125                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts       340202                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    10868028                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           17035371                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes           8893475                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            43258105                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes            4176909                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      4488161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    3184943                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   1303218                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              209617.150168                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              59400600.849832                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.996484                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.003516                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                           986832                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                  6758433     60.09%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     334      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                13      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 3184943     28.32%     88.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                1303218     11.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  11246942                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             1046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           11915089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         11391.098470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23824278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses        23824278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst     11910570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11910570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst     11910570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total        11910570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst     11910570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total       11910570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18164981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18164981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18164981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18164981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18164981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18164981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     11911616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11911616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     11911616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total     11911616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst     11911616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total     11911616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17366.138623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17366.138623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17366.138623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17366.138623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17366.138623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17366.138623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16056019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16056019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16056019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16056019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16056019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16056019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15349.922562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15349.922562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15349.922562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15349.922562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15349.922562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15349.922562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry               177                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          246.978200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs             634015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           989.102964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   246.978200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.964759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8359945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8359945                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      2891169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2891169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data      1285573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1285573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          107                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data      4176742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total         4176742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data      4176849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total        4176849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          246                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          246                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data         1178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         1178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     10019980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10019980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3191500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3191500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6661000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6661000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     13211480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13211480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     13211480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13211480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data      2892040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2892040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data      1285855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1285855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          132                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data      4177895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4177895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data      4178027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4178027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.189394                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.189394                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.332851                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.332851                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.359124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.359124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11503.995408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11503.995408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11317.375887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11317.375887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  5047.826087                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5047.826087                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27077.235772                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27077.235772                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11458.352125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11458.352125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11215.178268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11215.178268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          208                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          245                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8260020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8260020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2627500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2627500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       216000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       536500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       536500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6171000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6171000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     10887520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10887520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11103520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11103520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  12262348058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12262348058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    665629501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    665629501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data  12927977559                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12927977559                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.189394                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189394                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.301013                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301013                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.357664                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357664                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9483.375431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9483.375431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9317.375887                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9317.375887                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         8640                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8640                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  2579.326923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2579.326923                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25187.755102                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25187.755102                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9442.775369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9442.775369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9425.738540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9425.738540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2703                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 29805088500 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -70668460.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       70774300.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -6303906604.800001
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       6979475462.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -47673168.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       47744568.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -4252635408.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       4708376304.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -269326886.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       269518579.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -7340134463.999999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       8697020966.400002
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -120299904.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       120608455.680000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -3593913753.599999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       3595340805.119999
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -770697038561.280151
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       787128399974.399780
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -770697038561.280151
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       787128399974.399780
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -224537290784.640045
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       229308986304.000061
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -369323951011.199951
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       396271827714.239929
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2487220981920.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2540262423168.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2360215139616.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2393803790352.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.029805
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       474417676.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       476881421.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       2657977.007278
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       86708181.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       106133034.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       273.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       7846402.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       20812578.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       25427355.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       50669917.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       10395129.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       13701796.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       84688586.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       126943348.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       135899343.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       193960956.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       70980995.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       78199046.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       209.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       5078083.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1132.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       86708181.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       106133034.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       273.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       95051477.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       9.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       95051468.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5874.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       23087506.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       10258370.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       35816049.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       122.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       5765.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       1953.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       9862468
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       48.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       2720926.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       89.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       5924.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       175.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       1117012.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       335.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1604112.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       618.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       439.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       2332935.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127668.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       608096.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       553578.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       648534.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       654602.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       607538.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       637050.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       598464.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       613296.000000
